ROUTINES


    There’s nothing “weird” about using routines. Everyone does
    it whether they know it or not. Any story you’ve told more
    than a couple of times is a routine. We’re here to help you
    make and use the best material. Which brings me to a big
    caveat: “game” is not just spitting routines.

    There is much, much more to it: proper delivery, calibration,
    having an attractive identity, physical escalation, genuineness,
    having a unique and congruent style, and much more. Guys
    who have great game have all of these areas mastered in
    addition to having a formidable arsenal of routines in their
    heads. These areas are covered in detail elsewhere, such as
    a Love Systems bootcamp, or Magic Bullets by Savoy, but the
    most important thing to keep in mind is personalizing your
    game; creating your own style with the routines you choose.
    You will notice that there are a wide variety of styles included
    in this book; created by people such as Badboy, Brad P., Tyler
    Durden, IN10SE, and more (many people in this field use
    pseudonyms). They run the gamut from smooth, to genuine, to
    funny, to borderline absurd. All of these have been field tested
    and have worked for various guys in real world situations. It’s
    up to you to hone in on what works for you. What you say,
    how you behave, and how you dress should all meld into one
    congruent whole. Your routines back up your behavior and
    support the identity you’ve chosen to convey.

    For the best results with this book, find the routines that best
    highlight the identity you want to create out of the best parts
    of yourself and learn from those. Don’t be afraid to experiment.
    These are not gospel. Tweak and change them to make your
    own versions. The goal is for you to come up with completely
    new routines yourself. All the best guys have unique routines
    that only they use because they fit perfectly to them as

    www.LoveSystems.com                                         ©2007
4
