ROUTINES


      remember that your sister–in–law was wearing a long red
      dress that she looked uncomfortable in, but if it’s not relevant
      to the story, don’t include it. But you still need to know and feel
      these details to put yourself psychologically “in the moment.”
      This will make your story much more captivating and seem
      more “real.” This is similar to how actors draw upon their
      personal experiences to convey attitudes and feelings and to
      create an emotional response in their audience. In addition,
      having that background detail available to you makes the
      rest of your storytelling better. This is similar to an author
      creating extensive “backstories” for his or her characters. The
      backstories are full of details that will never get into the book,
      but they endow the characters with much fuller and more
      interesting personalities.

      If you’re not interested in what you’re talking about, there’s
      no chance anyone else will be either. Take your new friends
      on a journey with you through the story. Personalize your
      openers, stories, and routines to things that you are genuinely
      passionate about. Someone with excitement and enthusiasm
      in their eyes talking about a model train set that he built (on
      the surface, not that fascinating to most women) will get far
      better results than someone going through the motions of
      talking about his career as a movie producer.

      Insert pauses strategically in your stories. They create tension
      and anticipation. Using the stories we looked at previously in
      this chapter, I’ve added a couple of potential pauses. Often
      pauses will come while you’re addressing facts as opposed to
      emotions:

        • “I love New York, but I always thought there was
          something strange about the city. I think I know what it

      www.LoveSystems.com                                           ©2007
180
