Preface
“Everyone here eats tacos…”

Those were the first words I heard Savoy say during the in-field portion of my Mystery Method
bootcamp. Until then I had been… skeptically unconvinced. During the first day at seminar, I thought
it sounded great, but wondered whether it was the real deal or not. Then I watched Savoy approach a
group of women with those ridiculous words, immediately get attraction… and then end up alone with
an attractive woman. It was enough to let me know I had things to learn from this man.


I later became an intern while I was still in college and the “office” was Savoy’s living room. Back
then it was just Misschievous, Savoy and I. We went for Indian food, worked out together and argued
over why he so foolishly loved the Philadelphia Eagles. I also met Neil Strauss and many of the other
world’s greatest pickup artists. I was really happy to be there.


And I saw what Savoy was capable of firsthand. I saw a LOT of different women leaving his house in
the morning when I showed up for work… Sometimes two. ;)


It started to crystallize in my mind that there were greater possibilities for me. I had been okay with
girls after my program, but it still hadn’t really clicked that I could achieve THIS lifestyle. Savoy took
me under his wing and showed me how to do it. The guy was an amazing resource and teacher. He was
proof that even a board game-playing dork from Newfoundland with horrible taste in football can have
insanely good and consistent game... And it rubbed off. With his help, I began to live the life I’d been
dreaming of and different girls started leaving MY house every morning as well.


Then the company grew from 3 of us to 4, to 5 and moved to Los Angeles. I watched firsthand as
Savoy turned us into the leading in-field, cold-approach dating company in the world. I watched as
reporters from all over the world started calling. I watched a company grow exactly as Savoy had
planned it all along from day one. We taught thousands of students and changed tens of thousands of
lives; in the process, the top guys became Love Systems. Through all this time, Savoy has been one of
the greatest mentors and friends I have ever had. I considered myself lucky to have him as a boss and
as a friend who I still call for dating advice to this day.


The book you are about to read is not a magic bullet in the sense that reading it will completely
change you overnight. The title is meant to be ironic. But what it will do is give you the map and the
skills to get to the place where you want to be, through a combination of hard work, dedication and the
application of the wisdom you are about to read. If you commit to putting what is in these pages into
practice you WILL attain the relationships and lifestyle of your dreams.


I honestly can’t think of anyone better to learn from. For those of you who know my reputation, the
knowledge in this book was the path that led me to where I am today. It should be read a couple of
times to get the full benefit because there is just so much to learn…
