Devil’s Advocate
Let’s play devil’s advocate for a moment. If it’s true that it’s the fundamentals that are important, how
can it be that someone can learn a dating system and immediately get better results?


Just like a basketball team with a decent strategy will beat a team with no strategy, a man who learns a
workable dating system will do better than he did before he had one. Often, such a man will convince
himself that he has learned “the secret” and has the magic bullet for succeeding with women. This
belief will actually help him, by giving him confidence, until he hits the inevitable dead end that
comes from not improving the fundamentals. In my years of experience in dating science, I have never
– nor have my colleagues ever – seen a man become truly successful with women without being able
to handle the fundamentals.


But a good devil’s advocate wouldn’t be satisfied yet. He would want to know why, if all of the above
is true, so many people are still obsessed with dating systems?


Here we have stumbled onto the myth of the One True Path: the idea that you should pick a guru and
follow his system, focus on his system, and ignore everything else.


The One True Path fallacy is seductive, because it fits in nicely with human psychological patterns,
especially in males. Men naturally want to believe it. Say some guru tells you 10 things that you need
to do to get a woman to go out with you. Well that’s sure simpler than looking at the complicated
woman across from you and trying to figure out what’s going on in her mind. And it works for the
guru, so it must be good, right? And it’s a secret that you know that most men don’t, so that makes
you feel powerful as well.What makes the One True Path so dangerous is that it can explain away your
failures in a way that doesn’t challenge your faith. For example:


          You do the 10 things the guru says and you don’t get the girl? That just means you haven’t
          mastered them yet. You need to practice more.


          You lost the girl when you did one of the 10 things, but the other three seemed to go okay.
          Great! You’re getting better at three of the 10. You just need to practice that one.


          Your friend succeeds with a woman by doing something that your guru doesn’t teach or
          recommend? Ignore it. You’re learning the guru’s system so you can date even more
          attractive women than your friend meets – women like your guru gets.


The One True Path fallacy also exists because it’s easy to communicate. It’s easy to tell you to do
these 10 things and you’ll get what you want. I can do that in a paragraph. It’s much harder to account
for the what-ifs and exceptions, as I do in this book. Some of the most powerful, if misguided, ideas in
