Systems
So after all of this, why is there even a system in this book?


For one thing, it makes a convenient organizing principle. For example, it’s a good way of keeping
material on how to start a conversation (Chapter 5: Opening) in a separate chapter from material on
what to do next (Chapter 6: Transitioning). This is even though the information presented in the
chapters describing the Emotional Progression Model (our system) would appear no matter what
system we happened to be using or what we titled each chapter.


Moreover, you do still need a system, whether it’s your own or someone else’s. And some systems
clearly don’t work, so at least if you’re using this one, I’ll know that you’re not going up to women at
restaurant tables and trying to sit with them with cheesy pickup lines. Even some famous dating
gurus’ systems suffer from being too specific. For example:


  They only work for certain types of men (age, looks, personality type, etc.).

  They only work with certain types of women.


They only work in certain situations. The system that we teach at Love Systems – and that is explained
here – is both more flexible and more specific. Flexible in that it works for a broad range of men, with
a broad range of women, in a broad range of situations. Specific in that we also drill down to specific
types of situations, types of women, and types of relationship outcomes. I want you to have a dating
system that works for you, not just for some guru with a clever marketing strategy.


The system here is not one I invented out of my head – that would be irresponsible. If I invented
something purely out of my own experiences, I could hardly claim to have seen it used by enough
different men, with enough different women, in enough different situations, that I could be confident
it would work for anyone who bought this book. Of course, my own originality is stamped throughout
this book, as are the unique ideas of the best dating coaches in the field. However, when you come
across something that I do myself or have seen others do that hasn’t been tested rigorously in this way,
it is labeled and identified as such.


The system in Magic Bullets was developed by the masters in the field, especially by the top
instructors of Love Systems. It has evolved and been dramatically improved over the past two years
based on insights that our instructors have made and taught, and based on the way we’ve seen most
people actually use the science of dating successfully. I’m excited to present it to you, backed up by
the fundamentals that will let you reach your full potential.


I also want to share with you a bit about my approach in writing this book. There isn’t, or at least there
shouldn’t be, any self-referential flattery, beyond personal examples to help explain a point. I’m not
