Acknowledgments


More people contributed to this book than could possibly be named here. As I’ve said elsewhere,
dating science is a cumulative science, and we all build on the ideas of those who came before us.


In particular, I’ve learned a great deal from dating coaches I’ve worked with in the past few years.


My biggest influences are fellow instructors with Love Systems, the world-famous (some would say
notorious) organization that helps men succeed with women. In particular, I’ve learned a lot from Jon
(Sinn), Scott (The Don), Chris (Tenmagnet), Pete (Sheriff), and Thompson (Future). These men were
at the core of Mystery Method Corporation since 2005, and many remain the star instructors with
Love Systems today. All of them contributed ideas to the first edition of Magic Bullets and have
aspired to continue learning and pushing the frontiers of knowledge since. As Love Systems has
expanded and grown, we’ve trained multiple new masters, who in turn have gone on to dramatically
expand the world’s store of knowledge on how men can succeed with women. Foremost among these
are Mr. M, Braddock, Soul, Fader, Rokker, and Cajun, and their contributions are evident throughout
this book.


I did not want to write a great Love Systems book; I wanted to write a great psychology and tactics
book for men who wanted more choice, more results, and more success with women. I learned from
everyone in my path who had something to contribute. I learned a great deal from Badboy and Cortez
from Badboy Lifestyles (a competitor) and Brad P from Brad P Presents (another competitor). I
learned from Tyler D, who years ago gave me my first glimpse into the world of possibilities I never
suspected existed. Even three years ago he was a fountain of knowledge, and seeing him approach
beautiful women and instantly generate attraction inspired me to develop my own skills and push
them as far as they could go. I learned from Mystery, who popularized the idea of a sequential model
and many techniques that stem from it.


Most of all, I’ve learned from women – those I’ve approached, those I’ve dated, and those who
indulged me through endless hours of conversation about their dating and relationship experiences.


In particular, I learned from Misschievous. I’ve known her since before this adventure began, and
even though we’re no longer involved, she inspired me to build something that women can contribute
to and be a part of. If this book is dedicated to anyone, it’s to her.


I also want to thank everyone who reviewed drafts of this book and provided feedback. Sinn and The
Don contributed important ideas and perspectives throughout the book and I owe them a debt of
gratitude for their patience and insight. The book would not be the same without their contribution.


DJ provided generous and insightful suggestions that improved the chapter on Storytelling. Frank
