For VAH/The Mystery Method Readers


Some of you might have read the published book The Mystery Method or the electronic book The
Venusian Arts Handbook. These represent the thinking of the Mystery Method Corporation up to
about 2005. As President and Program Leader of Mystery Method Corp. from 2004, I was proud of my
role in developing these products. Even today, they are light-years ahead of most other published
material to help men to succeed with women.


If you are not familiar with either of these works, you can skip this chapter (or read on, if the
evolution of dating science interests you).


If dating science is a science at all, it is a cumulative one. What was great in 2005 might still be very
good today, but we’ve also moved forward. Men who have actively researched and tested different
ways of attracting women have identified and fixed problems with earlier systems. Whereas Mystery
Method Corp. between 2004 and 2005 was inspired by Mystery, the people running and teaching
Mystery Method Corp. programs since then we were able to create a better and deeper approach that
worked for virtually every man, not just for one, very unique, person. Over time, the top instructors
wanted a vehicle that would express this more directly, and thus Love Systems was born.


Still, respect for the cumulative principles of dating science requires us to build on the work of those
who came before us wherever possible, and only to replace when necessary. Thus, I have deliberately
re-used as much of the terminology of The Mystery Method as would fit the Love Systems model.
Approaching still means approaching. Comfort still means comfort, and so on. How we approach a
woman, or how we build comfort with her, has changed and developed dramatically. But the words
used to describe the process are useful markers and a head start for those familiar with The Mystery
Method. It would only be a disservice to experienced readers to start calling “Comfort” something
different, like “Intimacy” or “Rapport” or “Emotional Connection” just for the sake of using new
words.


Listing all the changes and additions in Magic Bullets would be another book in itself. But for our
experienced readers, I’ll give a selection of them here:
