Magic Bullets includes…


New understandings of each phase of the model


         Six types of openers: Magic Bullets does not shy away from Direct or Challenging openers,
         and shows how even a Functional opener can work.


         The concept of Transitioning: This is an entirely new phase. Mystery Method Corp. used to
         advocate going straight from Opening into Attraction. Other instructors and I made it work
         because we intuitively knew what kinds of Attraction material work when delivered as a
         non-sequitur immediately after the Opener. When we realized that we were “transitioning”
         into the Attraction phase, it led us to the concepts of a normal vs. a single-subject
         conversation (see Glossary) and to the Transitioning Phase.


         Five systematic ways of conveying Attraction material: The book identifies and analyzes the
         five different ways that a woman can become attracted to you – from observing you to you
         telling her about yourself – and how to use each one. We also identified the eight key
         “attraction switches” and have a much broader (and different) understanding of what is
         attractive to women and why.


         A new model for Qualification: Qualification used to be taught as a discreet phase that had a
         defined end-point and was taught with the bait-hook-reel-release model using very hard
         Qualifiers like: “so what do you have going for you more than your looks?” Mostly through
         Sinn’s work, we have an enhanced understanding of Qualification. Releases are not always
         necessary. You have a broader range of Qualifiers available to you. And the phase doesn’t
         end; it blends into Comfort.


         Breakthroughs in Comfort: It’s a bad pun, but this book presents Breakthrough Comfort
         (formerly Advanced Comfort) as well as an understanding of how to build comfort without
         having to do anything to actively create “isolation.”


         Seduction without LMR or freezeouts: Intellectually, there was nothing wrong with the
         previous approach; however, many people interpreted our discussion of LMR and the use of
         freezeouts as making Seduction an oppositional process between men and women. We don’t
         want that. We don’t want women to be or feel manipulated into having sex. And through an
         understanding of state breaks, how they work, and the Avoid / Blur / Distract model of
         dealing with them, we don’t have to make women feel this way.


         The Relationship Phase: Previous material did not include significant treatment of what
