How to use this book
This is a long book. And it’s going to be read by a lot of different people who have different skill
levels with women (what we call “game”) and different needs and goals. For this reason, I’ve designed
the book so that it doesn’t have to be read all at once. You don’t even have to read the chapters in
order.


          Each chapter is designed to stand on its own, as a useful reference, and most chapters make
          specific references to other chapters for related material.


          I do recommend you read the book in order at least once, but here are some other options if
          you’re impatient:


          If you’re on your way out tonight and want quick tips, go to Chapter 2: A Simple System
          you can use tonight.


          If you want a step-by-step guide to meeting desirable women you don’t know and
          developing a romantic or sexual relationship with them, start with Chapter 4: The Emotional
          Progression Model, and the subsequent explanation of each of its seven stages in Chapters 5
          to 11.


          If you’ve got your overall approach down and want to apply it to different social contexts –
          female friends, women you work with, “day game,” strip clubs, etc., then Part III of this
          book (Chapters 12 to 14) is for you.


          If your concern is around tweaking specific aspects of your game – anything from your body
          language to what to do on the first phone call – then you want Part IV (Chapters 15 to 22).


          If you’ve read the published book The Mystery Method in bookstores, or bought the
          Venusian Arts Handbook online and want to know what’s new, flip back a few pages to
          introductory Chapter IV.


What you are reading now is the product of literally tens of thousands of individual interactions with
women, by myself and other current and former Love Systems instructors. We systematically
generate, test, challenge, and refine our theories, and they are enriched by innumerable different men
using our ideas and reporting on their results. But that doesn’t make anything in this book a physical
law or scriptural commandment. All rules are meant to be broken, and you will get more in the long
run from experimenting and building on this material than from applying it unthinkingly. It’s the
spirit of experimentation and testing that brought us to this level, and it’s that spirit that will help you
get the most out of reading it.
