Basic Psychology


If you’re a man, the odds are that you know very little about female psychology. Actually, it’s worse
than that. The odds are that most of what you think you know is wrong.


Why is this? I’ll let you in on a secret here. Men are bombarded with false or misleading messages
about female psychology because there are powerful societal forces that give a misleading perspective
on the world, as opposed to accepting it for what it is.


Am I saying that there is a giant conspiracy to cover up the true nature of 52% of the world’s
population but I just happen to have seen through it? Of course not. There’s no conspiracy. But most
men’s lack of understanding of women is real and is caused by a bunch of factors that form a powerful
nexus.


First up is that many women don’t understand themselves. Try this as an experiment. Ask a woman
what a man should do to impress her. She’ll probably respond with some combination of taking her to
a nice dinner, maybe a walk on the beach, maybe flowers, a few compliments, really listening to her,
and so on. Now try doing that. When you come home alone after a peck on the cheek and the “let’s
just be friends” talk, don’t say I didn’t warn you.


Most women do not know or do not want to admit what actually attracts them.


Now are women lying to you? No. All of these sweet romantic things do have their time and place.
Usually this time and place is after a woman is already attracted to you. A woman head over heels in
love with you would love to be taken to a nice dinner and brought flowers. A woman who is trying to
decide about you would be turned off. I’ll explain why in a bit.


Another factor is that some of the stuff that tends to attract women – all of the stuff described in
Chapter 7 like having higher perceived social status, having other women around you, teasing them or
even making them feel momentarily insecure – isn’t nice. It’s not what women want to feel attracted
to.


Most women actually don’t even know that this stuff attracts them. This is because emotions A) are
not conscious choices and B) don’t come with instruction manuals. When someone is attracted to
someone else, they realize it because they have an emotional response to that person. Men are the
same way. When you’re interested in a woman, it isn’t because you took out a notepad and calculator
and said to yourself “She’s got nice hair… she’s fun and doesn’t seem weird… I like her body… she’s
interested in the same things as I am… I think I’m attracted to her!” No. You are attracted to someone
because you feel that emotion. Now, you may know yourself well enough to know what qualities some
women have that tend to make you feel attracted to them, but that’s different from deciding to be
