attracted to someone because she has those qualities.


On the other hand, most people don’t know themselves perfectly. You may think you are attracted to
someone because you find her beautiful, but what actually triggered that attraction might be that you
were feeling particularly lonely or sexual at that moment, or your friends might have commented on
how attractive she is, or her perfume reminded you of your first crush, or whatever.


These examples all pertain to men. Now go ahead and multiply this for women, who feel all basic
emotions (except anger) much more strongly than men. Women get attracted, and then try to explain,
or rationalize, to themselves and others why they feel the way they do. Another reason why you won’t
always get great advice from women about attraction is that societal messages get in the way. A lot of
women are deeply attracted to men with money (and a lot aren’t). Some of these women admit it.
Others feel guilty about it, and pretend, sometimes even to themselves, that they like a man who “just
happens” to be rich because they like his sense of humor or style or his values.


Another factor getting in the way of understanding female psychology comes from the influence of
politics and the law. In the twentieth century, most developed counties passed laws mandating the
equality of men and women. Legal equality is of course a good thing. But there is a very big difference
between believing that men and women should generally have equal civil and employment rights, and
believing that men and women actually are identical outside of their physical differences.


If you were raised or went to school in a “politically correct” environment, you might actually believe
this. In which case, you would also believe that any behavioral differences between men and women
are attributable to societal influences. Under this theory, people are rewarded if they behave in ways
consistent with society’s view of their gender and punished if they do not, and most people choose to
conform.


I’ll demolish this myth in a moment, but let me first rescue the grain of truth that actually exists
within it. Societal influences actually do work in this way. For example, men who do not play a
dominant role in their relationships with women are often snickered at for being “whipped.” Assertive
women get thought of as “bitchy” while assertive men are considered to be self-confident. Men are
expected to pursue wealth or other accomplishments. If you do not, you will not be valued as highly
by many members of society, including many attractive women. So even if you weren’t driven to
“male” behaviors, you might adopt them anyway, because doing what society expects of you can make
your life easier and better.


However, correlation does not imply causation. Some gender-based preferences are unquestionably
innate. Even one-day-old infants – far too young to know or care what society wants them to do -
adopt traditional gender roles. When shown both a mechanical mobile and a human face, boys’ eyes
tend to lock onto the mobile, while girls’ eyes focus on the face. And at one year of age, when shown
silent videos of a car running and of two people talking, boys disproportionately focused on the car,
                                              1
while girls were attracted to the conversation .
