Quick primer on evolutionary biology


Darwin taught us how humans and other animals evolve. Animals in every generation have random
genetic variation, and those animals whose genes are best suited for their environment tend to do a
little better, on average, than other members of their species. Over time, the advantage of doing “a
little better” becomes compounded, and the nature of the species changes.


Seen in this way, each generation is a competition between different genetic makeups. The
competition takes place extremely slowly, but evolutionary time is very long. Assuming 30 years per
                              2
generation, each million years allows for over 33,000 rounds of Darwin’s game.


Let’s make a hypothetical example, starting with a world of 1,000 humans. Assume one of them was
born with a mutation that the other 999 humans do not have: a dominant gene allowing him to eat
trout. Most of the time, this ability would not be crucial, but on occasion trout-eating humans near
freshwater lakes would be able to survive and reproduce while their non-trout-eating cousins would
             3
die of hunger . If we assume that the ability to digest trout provided a 0.1% advantage on average to a
given human’s chances of surviving and raising healthy offspring, then, within one million years,
99.999999999.6% of the human population would be descended from this one person in one thousand
who had the slightly superior gene. And the gene would now be part of normal human biology.


Much of our genetic makeup today is the result of random genetic mutations during previous
generations. All other things being equal, a mutation that provides a genuine evolutionary advantage
should win out over time.


What is an evolutionary advantage? Success, in evolutionary terms, can be seen as:


         • Surviving until he or she is old enough to reproduce.


         • Having access to mate(s) with whom to reproduce.


         • Having access to mate(s) with whom reproduction has a better-than-average chance of
         producing offspring who will themselves have greater chances of evolutionary success.


         • Reproducing frequently (but not so frequently as to cause a burden).


         • Being able to protect and raise their offspring to maximize their chances of success.
