Foundations


The “foundation” characteristics are deeply linked to evolutionary biology. In fact, they predate the
human race.
Health
All animals are biologically-driven to seek healthy mates. The human female is no exception. A
healthy man can provide his family with food, shelter, and protection. His children are likelier to be
healthy as well, allowing them to have healthy children of their own, and also to protect and provide
for their parents in old age.


In general, appearing healthy is more about avoiding things that can hurt you than it is about things
that will help you. It is often a necessary, but not sufficient, condition to attract desirable women.


Implications


         • I’m not going to take the easy way out and tell you to go to the gym. Well, I will, but you
         probably already know that having a toned and fit body helps attract women, and if you
         haven’t started working out yet, I’m probably not going to change your mind.


         • If you don’t work out, there is still hope. While having a fit and toned body contributes to
         being good-looking and to appearing healthy, it is not necessary. As long as you avoid the
         appearance of any major health problems, being good-looking for men in today’s society is
         actually more dependent on fashion and grooming (see Chapter 21: Fashion) than it is on
         what you look like naked.


         • If you can, tell stories that involve participating in physical activity.


         • Never talk about being sick, about being tired, or bring to her attention anything unhealthy
         about you. Don’t be weird and hide it if you have a headache, but realize that it won’t help
         you.


         • Skin blemishes indicate ill health. It’s actually fairly easy to cover up most obvious skin
         problems like acne. I recommend seeing a facialist if you can afford one. Failing that, go to
         a makeup store and ask a salesperson to help find some cover-up that works with your skin
         tone.


         • A balding hairline also connotes ill health. If you’re balding, go bald, which is at least a
