Social Intuition


The ability to thrive in a social group is extremely important for animals who live in groups, such as
humans. When Aristotle wrote that “man is a political animal” he wasn’t writing about elections or
public policy; he was referring to the polis: ancient Greek for city. Humans are designed to live and to
thrive in groups. In fact, one of the strongest punishments in Aristotle’s Athens (and other traditional
societies) was ostracism – exile from the tribe.


In evolutionary time, a man who was not respected within his group hurt his family’s chances of
success. Other people in the group would be less likely to share information, resources, protection or
opportunities with him.


Have you ever met a man who always seems to say or do the wrong thing? His manners are different,
or he talks too much or about things which are of no interest or are inappropriate. Possibly, his general
demeanor just doesn’t feel “right.” This guy probably doesn’t do very well with women, because he
doesn’t have Social Intuition.


You can’t instantly develop social skills. Social skills are the underlying theme of this book, and
improving them will take work. So my advice here will be fairly foundational – none of it will get you
more dates right off the bat, but these are important things to keep in mind as you read the rest of this
book. For tips that you can use tonight, you should be reading Chapter 2 anyway.


Implications


          • Social Intuition comes from repeated practice and observation. Make a conscious effort to
          interact with more people, especially people who have strong social skills themselves.
          Attend more social gatherings – anything from your college alumni’s get-togethers to
          cocktail parties and happy hours. Practice, practice, practice, and observe what other people
          do in response to what you do.


          • Waiters interact with people all day. Computer programmers generally don’t. Which
          profession is better for developing social skills? No one is telling you to quit your job, but if
          you are in a low-social skills profession, you’ll need to make a conscious effort to interact
          socially with people who do have social intuition.


          • TV and movies are not real life. This sounds obvious, but it’s not. People learn about
          patterns of behavior from observation. You can’t help but internalize behavior patterns you
          see on the screen. Make a conscious effort to avoid this. Don’t try to act like a movie or TV
          character. Better still, spend more time interacting with people and less time interacting
          with your television.
