• For professional training, you can take a Love Systems’ workshop (See Chapter 24 for
          more professional resources). While the focus of our workshops is in teaching,
          demonstrating and using various tools to help you succeed with women, these workshops are
          also highly personalized. If we notice issues relating to social intuition, we will tell you and
          we will help you overcome them.


Humor


You might be surprised to see humor in a list of foundational evolutionary characteristics. Humor is
often considered to be based on language, which would make it culturally-specific and not universal.


However, recent research has disproved this. Humor not only pre-dates language and exists in every
culture on the planet, but it is also present in other animals, such as monkeys, dogs, and rats. No, rats
don’t actually laugh, but they do make a specific high-pitched vocalization when tickled or at play.


Having a sense of humor means you can share laughter and induce it in others. This may seem
frivolous, but it’s not. According to one expert, “most laughter is not about humor; it is about
relationships between people.” Laughter is a communication tool. Chimps laugh when they play-fight,
to communicate that they are playing, not attacking. More importantly for our purposes, laughter
creates social bonds between people who share it. When you laugh with someone, you feel a closer tie
to them. The very act of laughing releases chemicals in your body that trigger positive emotions.
Thus, people are predisposed to enjoy laughter and people who can make them laugh.


As a communication and social tool, humor could be considered to be part of Social Intuition, but it
gets a section of its own because it is so important. The importance we place on humor should come as
no surprise. Whereas many women will deny or not even realize that factors such as wealth or pre-
selection affect their preferences in men, most will say that a sense of humor is extremely important.
And they’re right.


Implications


          • Humor can be learned like any other social skill. If you don’t have a good sense of humor,
          develop one. We polled members of The Attraction Forums (the leading free dating science
          community in the world) – specifically those men who had sought out to improve their sense
          of humor – and these are some of the resources they recommended:


          Humor Theory: Formula of Laughter by Igor Krichtafovitch
