Status
Status is associated with power. Power implies the ability to cause things to happen, or not happen.
The strongest manifestation of power is the ability to help or hurt others. In evolutionary times, the
chief had power and status. So did the medicine man. So did the religious authority. It is not difficult
to see the evolutionary benefits of power. Today, politicians, CEOs, and movie producers are
examples of people who have power and status. Indeed, it is not uncommon to see such men involved
with sexually desirable women whom they would not have otherwise been likely to attract.


Power can also be applied indirectly. The chief’s trusted advisors carry power through their ability to
influence the chief. The religious authority carries power through its ability to influence the
supernatural. Being close to a high-status person carries status in itself.


Of course, status is attractive for non-evolutionary reasons as well. All other things being equal, being
with a high-status man allows a woman to lead a more interesting and exciting life than if she were
paired with a low-status man.


Status exists in a relative context. A university professor won’t likely have much status at a fashion
show because many models don’t know or care much about academia, and academic status is not
particularly relevant to most of their lives. He would have much more status at a book club or dinner
party where more women would likely find higher education to be more relevant to their own
experience. Similarly, a movie producer would have little relevant status to a woman who doesn’t care
about the entertainment industry, though she might still be attracted to his wealth, ambition, or other
factors. However, to many young women, being a movie producer is one of the most powerful
identities one could possess. The higher-status a woman, the more she will desire an equal or higher-
status man.


This relative context can be very narrow. Many women sleep with their bosses. This is sometimes to
advance or avoid negative consequences to their career, but is often genuinely consensual and based in
part on a woman’s attraction to her boss’ relative power and status. Even if the manager of a small
restaurant has little power and status outside his restaurant, he has a lot inside, and this can be
attractive to the women who work for him.


Power has its greatest impact when its holder is willing to exercise it. If I own a nightclub, but it’s the
doorman who decides who gets inside and who gets into the VIP room, then he has more power than I
do until I exercise my power. On the other hand, many women tend to be cautious of men who
exercise their power indiscriminately, or in a way that might cause them danger. Think James Caan
(Sonny) in The Godfather. However, one place where women expect men to exercise power – in a
judicious way - is in protecting those around them. She will want to know you can protect her too.
Don’t hit on this theme over and over, but a reference or two can help you. This is what some of us
used to call being the “Protector of Loved Ones.”
