Implications


         • Relative status is far easier to obtain than absolute status. If you go to a restaurant
         frequently, get to know everyone who works there. Even if no one knows you outside the
         door, you can be a celebrity inside. Plan your social events to become well-known at a few
         venues rather than a stranger at many. Take advantage of this on dates (Chapter 16).


         • Status is often demonstrated relative to other men. Recognize and seek opportunities to
         display status in a non-confrontational way over other men, such as teaching another man
         something or expressing dominant body language (see Chapter 18: Body Language).


         • Act like people expect high-status men to act. Such men do not tend to be envious. They do
         not tend to denigrate the success of others, particularly other high-status men. They do not
         tend to be needy, to go out of their way to convince others of their status, or to worry about
         what others think of them. And so on.
Wealth


Wealth means having access to resources. In evolutionary time, “wealth” might refer to a man’s
hidden store of food and animal pelts. Today, it’s money.


Financial security is crucial to evolutionary success. Men are predisposed to accumulate wealth, even
when they already have plenty. Both men and women desire financial security and our emotions make
us uncomfortable when we do not have it. Women especially have an emotional need to know that
they will have access to sufficient resources for themselves and their children to thrive.


While women are able to create their own wealth in today’s society, most women retain an
evolutionary desire for a man who could provide for her and future children. This doesn’t mean that
most women necessarily expect a man to provide for her; they just want a man’s income to be at a
level where he could. Being on the road to wealth is almost the same as having it; most women will
consider a medical student’s prospects to be almost as good as a doctor’s. Even some of my most
liberal and feminist female friends feel uncomfortable with men who make less money than they do,
or worry that a man in this position would feel emasculated and resentful. Put simply, whether based
on culture or biology, women are predisposed to be attracted to men with money who can provide a
comfortable lifestyle.


No one likes to move to a lower socio-economic level, so a woman accustomed to a certain lifestyle
will set expectations accordingly. Don’t think of this as a moral issue. Valuing a man’s wallet is no
more “shallow” than valuing a woman’s chest. If you’ve dated beauty queens your whole life, it would
take a lot more for the “girl next door” to impress you than if you’d dated average-looking women.
