Wealth has diminishing returns for most women once you reach their comfort threshold. Some women
are strongly attracted to wealth above this level and can be interested in a man based primarily on his
wealth. These women are sometimes called “golddiggers.” Golddiggers view their sexuality in part as
a tool to “move up” in society. In evolutionary time, and in many societies today, marrying well is one
of the few ways realistically open for women to improve their status and lifestyle. If this bothers you,
then don’t date these women. They are easy to spot. If you’re trying to act like a high-status man, you
should act as though the existence of such women is nothing new to you.


Implications


         • Men have been trying to tempt women with wealth since evolutionary time. Don’t be
         sleazy. Displays of wealth should be subtle and appear natural. If you take your wallet out to
         buy a drink and it happens to be full of $100 bills, that’s subtle and natural. If you reach into
         your pocket and pull out your tax return, it isn’t.


         • Some displays of wealth – like some expensive cars, especially smaller sports cars – can be
         considered as “compensating” and can be a big turnoff for some women.


         • Women look for consistency with wealth. A man at a VIP table who dresses badly and
         drives a cheap car is not usually seen as a man with wealth; he’s seen as a man with a
         spending problem.


         • Don’t worry if you’re not rich. Just don’t look like you are struggling. Don’t talk about
         financial difficulties or borrowing money, and don’t make a big deal out of expenses. Make
         sure your car is clean and in good repair – not doing so is a very obvious indicator of wealth
         or lifestyle difficulties.


         • Use your money wisely. If you have $110 in your wallet, wrap a $100 bill around ten $1s
         instead of having eleven $10 bills. Spending an extra $20 on a coat won’t make much of a
         difference, but spending an extra $20 on wine will.


         • If you don’t have wealth, the next best thing is to show that you have the potential for it.
         Show that you are ambitious and have a plan.


Summary


         • By displaying the two key attributes of status and wealth, a man communicates to women
         that he:
