Congruence


In this context, congruence refers to having an internally consistent personality.


Attractive women meet, literally, thousands of men who show at least some interest in them. Many of
these men will exaggerate or invent things about themselves to attract her. Women learn very quickly
not to take what a man says at face value if they think he is trying to win her interest.


Women look for congruence. If a man supposedly has wealth and status, most women would expect
him to act accordingly. He should be confident, pre-selected by other women, and a challenge.


These qualities are important because women need to be able to make quick judgments about men and
assess their credibility. Many women place a lot of importance on the “congruence qualities”
discussed in this section, as a man is less likely to convincingly fake these than he is to successfully
lie about having wealth and status. Women have to do this. Otherwise they will waste their time dating
supposed movie moguls who actually don’t have a job.


Consider a man who implied that he was an Olympic athlete, had friends who were movie stars, used
to work as a professional comedian, and owns a mansion in Beverly Hills. Most women would
probably be impressed. But if he was also shifty-eyed, made nervous gestures, seemed terrified of
women, and jumped at any opportunity for a date that crossed his path, most women would be turned
off. He would simply not be congruent.


A lot of the time that women want to wait before getting physical with a man is based on congruence-
checking. If a man “seems” great when she first meets him, the next date or two is often her time to
assess whether he really is that person. (Don’t worry; we have a system for compressing or bypassing
this process.)


In fact, congruence is so important that women often undertake this process in reverse. They know
that men who are confident, pre-selected, and challenging will usually have lots going for them, and
men who are not, generally do not. So many women will start out by looking for men who display the
congruent qualities of being confident, pre-selected, and challenging.
