Confidence


Remember when you were nervous the first time you drove a car? You didn’t really know what to do,
you didn’t think your chances of success without someone helping you would be very good, and you
drove slowly and tentatively. You hoped nothing unusual or threatening would happen because you
knew you might not be able to handle it.


But then you got good at driving. You know you’re good at it. It’s no big deal. You can do it while
listening to the radio, eating a sandwich, or talking to passengers. You can have fun. You can handle
more or less anything that’s likely to happen on the road.


Now think about confidence in general. A man who is confident is essentially saying to himself: “I’m
good at this stuff. I can handle more or less anything that’s likely to happen to me here. And I can
have fun doing it.” Unless he’s delusional, this confidence probably comes from having been
successful. So a woman sees a confident man, and she feels good around him. She assumes he knows
what he’s doing, that things are no big deal and he can have fun, and he can handle whatever life might
throw at him.


Incidentally, this is one reason why things like body language (see Chapter 19) are so important. Let’s
take relaxed shoulders as an example, which is just one of dozens of elements of confident body
language.There’s nothing inherently attractive about relaxed shoulders. Look at yourself in the mirror.
Relax your shoulders and let them fall back. Now tighten them and raise them. Do you think you look
any sexier or less sexy? Probably not.


However, confident men are disproportionately likely to spend more time with their shoulders relaxed.
Because they are confident, they can do this. They don’t have to be on edge all the time, always
vigilant for threats. They are secure in their position and their skills. (They’d better be, or their
confidence will be their downfall…)


Over time, women who like men with relaxed shoulders tend to end up with a greater share of
confident men. And if confidence is correlated with success, then this means that they end up with a
greater share of successful men. That means their children will be more successful. Over time, their
children will overwhelm the children of women who mate with men with tense shoulders. Even though
there’s nothing inherently sexy about relaxed shoulders, or eye contact, or standing with your feet a
decent distance apart, or any physical indicator of confidence, these little things add up to make all the
difference in the world.


In any case, it’s probably not news to you that confidence is sexually attractive to women. So let’s
move into some of the implications.
