Pre-selection


Women know – and their biological impulses certainly know – that whether other women are attracted
to a man is a useful guide for them. While individual tastes differ, most women know that they are
looking for roughly the same qualities as the rest of their gender: health, confidence, status, and so on.
When women are interested in you, you are pre-selected and therefore more interesting to other
women.


In contrast, the absence of pre-selection can put a man at a disadvantage. If a woman infers that other
women are not interested in someone, she has only three likely explanations. Her tastes could be
dramatically different from the rest of her gender. She possesses unusual insight and is better at
determining a man’s true nature than other women. Or other women are not interested in him for a
reason.


Usually men who are rejected by large numbers of women are undesirable (or, in our terms,
evolutionarily disadvantaged) in some way. Thus, women who buck the trend and mate with unpopular
men do not tend to pass on their genes very well.


On the other hand, pre-selection is best displayed in moderation. Let’s assume a man is irresistible.


Women then may question whether such a man would stay with her. Remember, a process like pre-
selection which is driven by evolutionary biology exists because of its evolutionary result: the
creation of successful offspring. Unless she has some reason to think, or deludes herself into thinking,
that he will stay with her and help raise their children, she might not have sex with him and pre-
selection won’t help him. A pregnant woman with no one to protect her or provide for her and her
child has significantly reduced evolutionary prospects.


Implications


          • Never talk about lack of success with women or “open up” to her by revealing something
          like how your ex-girlfriend dumped you or how lonely you are. This remains true even if a
          woman has just told you something similar about herself. But don’t make the opposite
          mistake either.


          • Pre-selection should be communicated subtly. If you are enjoying increased success with
          women compared to the past, it is natural to want to talk about this. Don’t.


          • Ambiguity is your friend. Being seen with or referring to attractive female “friends” is
          great. You won’t necessarily come across as a player, but a woman will realize that other
