Challenging


A man who is successful in life will generally want to be with a desirable woman. He won’t rush at the
first woman he sees, he’ll have standards, and he won’t be easy to win over. In short, he’s a challenge.


People value what they have to work for. If you go through a series of grueling interviews with a
company before they give you a job, you’ll feel differently about it than if they offered it to you after
a five minute interview. People like to be internally consistent. So if you believe that it was worth
going through those interviews, you will want to believe that the job you got was worth it. Otherwise,
you would have to wonder why you went through that experience.


Some initiation rituals in college fraternities in the United States have a similar purpose. These rituals
can be purposefully unpleasant and intense. If you complete them, you will be psychologically
predisposed to believing that the rituals were “worth it” because being part of the fraternity is such a
positive experience. [I have no opinion on this one way or another; fraternities were not a big part of
campus life at my college.]


Implications


          • Never give off the impression that you are desperate or lonely.


          • Make her work to get you. Not too much, or she’ll get bored or frustrated, but ensure that
          there is some doubt in her mind before you commit. This is one of the major processes that
          takes places in Qualification (Chapter 8).


          • Just because she is interested in you is NOT a reason for you to be interested in her. This is
          also part of Qualification.


          • Don’t play too hard to get either. Especially before she’s had a chance to get really into
          you, playing aloof won’t interest her.


          • Don’t be affected by the little games some women play.


With these three congruent qualities we now have a strong evolutionary profile. A man who was able
to display all of the above characteristics would be:


          • Healthy.
