Emotional Triggers


Let’s briefly look at these triggers to help develop a model for female sexual behavior.


         Feeling that a man’s value is equal to or greater than hers.


The concept of value is explained in Chapter 7. Essentially, women like to sleep with men who are
“better” than them. This is what creates attraction in a woman and explains why we call the time when
we are trying to create this emotion in her the Attraction phase (Chapter 7: Attraction).


         Feeling that she’s special to him or that she’s earned his attention.


Most women like to feel that they have earned a man’s attention and that he is interested in her for
more than her looks. They like to feel “qualified,” so we call this the Qualification phase.
Qualification is where you make your interest in her explicit. You should not show signs of interest in
her until she has shown signs of interest in you, which usually happens in Attraction.


         Feeling comfort and connection with him.


We call this the Comfort phase, which is the longest in the Emotional Progression Model.


It begins toward the end of the Qualification phase, when it’s clear that both of you are interested in
each other. It ends when you have established enough comfort and connection with her that she is
comfortable being in a sexual situation with you. A sexual situation is one in which a woman is
engaging in sexual behavior (touching that goes beyond kissing) in a place where sex could
realistically happen.


         Feeling aroused by his touch without awkwardness or embarrassment.


We call this the Seduction phase. Seduction is the only phase in the Emotional Progression Model that
can really be measured physically. The closer you are (physically) to sex, the further along you are in
the phase. Seduction is primarily based on intensifying her willingness to have sex with you and
mitigating her reasons not to. Once you have sex, the Seduction phase is over.


Thus these four triggers form the backbone of the Emotional Progression Model. And they generally
come in this order:
