What is Approaching?


It’s not normal to start conversations with strangers. It can even be intimidating. However, everything
that follows in Magic Bullets is based on you being able to approach attractive women without
awkwardness and smoothly start a conversation. We call this process “Approaching” and the ways we
start conversations “Openers.”


You might be wondering why you need to have specific ways to start talking to someone. Can’t you
just walk up to a woman and say “Hi, I’m Joe” and start a conversation? Yes, you can, and it might
even work. We discuss this type of opener later in this chapter in the section entitled “No Opener.” In
general, however, we find that most attractive women are hit on so often by so many different men.


“Success,” in the context of opening, means getting to a normal conversation with a woman. A normal
conversation is one that can range freely over a variety of topics, including personal ones. As you will
see, some openers will get you all the way to a normal conversation, while others will require a
Transition (Chapter 6). Neither approach is inherently better than the other, and we routinely use
both.


When you approach, you usually start a conversation about one specific topic. Getting to your
Transition or to a normal conversation should take anywhere from ten seconds to two minutes. If you
take much longer, both the single topic and the interaction as a whole risks becoming stale and it can
become awkward to transition to other topics and develop the conversation.


Throughout this chapter – indeed, throughout the Emotional Progression Model – we talk about
meeting women. However, women do not tend to be alone in social situations. So when we talk about
approaching a woman, we usually mean approaching her group. In the Approaching phase, engage the
entire group and don’t pay particular attention to the woman in whom you are interested.


By the way, if you are introduced to a woman through someone you already know, you can usually
assume that you have the freedom to have a normal conversation. We call these sorts of introductions
“meeting through your Social Circle” (see Chapter 12 for more details). In these situations, you don’t
really need to use the opening techniques from this chapter (or the Transitioning techniques from the
following chapter); you can skip straight to the Attraction phase (Chapter 7).
