Types of openers


You can classify openers along a risk-reward continuum. A low risk-reward opener is more likely to
get a woman to respond (requires less compliance), but is less likely to lead to a normal conversation.
For example, if you ask a woman for the time, the social rules of modern society more or less require
her to answer. However, it can be awkward to move from discussing the time (the opener) to
discussing subjects that can engage her emotionally (a normal conversation). This makes asking for
the time a generally poor choice of opener. Many low risk-reward openers tend to focus on topics that
do not relate to you or her.


In contrast, high risk-reward openers tend to be unequivocally about the two of you. The risk is that
you will not successfully open – that is to say, that she will not want to talk to you. The potential
reward is that you will move forward much quicker to a normal conversation. For example, you can
open with: “Why don’t we go sit over there and get to know each other?” Most desirable women
would say no to such an approach from a stranger – but if the answer is yes, you will already be in a
normal conversation. We will discuss better high risk-reward openers toward the end of this chapter.


There are six major types of openers. We will look at these in order of their risk-reward profiles, from
the lowest to the highest:




Functional openers carry the lowest risk-reward profile. They relate to conversational subjects
(usually questions) that most people feel socially obligated to answer. For example: “Do you have a
light?” or “Do you know how to get to X Street / X Restaurant / X Place?”


It is quite possible to use these and succeed, especially if you are approaching a woman who is alone
and there is very little else to distract her attention (waiting in line, on an airplane, etc.). For this
reason, functional openers are most often used in Day Game (Chapter 13). See the “A successful
functional opener” sidebar on the following page.


The trouble with functional openers is that they can make Transitioning difficult. Men who have
success with Functional openers usually plan to move directly to another type of opener immediately
afterward; they’re difficult to succeed with on their own. However, if you are too shy to start
conversations with women you don’t know, you can start building up your confidence (and enjoy the
occasional success) with them.
Opinion Openers
