Opinion openers should also be neutral. This means that the opener does not imply that you like or
dislike the people you are talking to, nor is your question obviously designed to get them to like or
dislike you. Neutrality is important because you want to avoid her consciously having to decide
whether she is attracted to you so early in your interaction.


Delaying a woman’s decision can be important. As soon as a man says or does anything that a woman
associates with being hit on, she needs to make a yes/no decision about whether she is curious about
him. She has to. A desirable woman is approached so often that spending time getting to know every
well-meaning man who starts talking to her would mean that she would have no time for herself.


Much of Part IV of this book (“Skills”) will help you project yourself immediately as a man who most
attractive women would be curious about. Opinion openers further increase your chances by delaying
her decision about whether she is interested in you for a couple of minutes to give you that time to
convey attractive qualities of your personality.


An opinion opener – unlike some of the higher risk-reward openers covered later in this chapter – will
not generally help you in and of itself. Its primary purpose is to buy time. As such, you want to get
through the opener and through the next phase (Transitioning) as quickly as possible, so you can get
into the Attraction phase.




A Successful Functional Opener

It is possible to succeed with a functional opener. The following is an edited version of a field report by Harlequin, a member of The Attraction Forums, in February 2006. I’ve
given the woman the arbitrary name of Julia and inserted Harlequin’s commentary into square brackets [like this]. It’s not necessarily an example of an ideal interaction, but it
shows a functional opener that worked, and that’s the point. The full post can be found at:




www.TheAttractionForums.com/forum/ showthread.php?t=5334


Harlequin: “Excuse me, do you have the time?” Julia: “2:20...”


Harlequin: “Damn, I’m late... do you know the


way to the sports centre? I got a game starting in 10 minutes...”


[She either knows or she doesn’t...]
