Harlequin: “It’s just over there, huh? Damn what a trek... can I get a piggy back?”

[I was on the way to Leeds Olympic Pool – which had to be renamed Leeds International Pool because the builders messed up and made it one inch short of 50 meters. I was
full of energy and enthusiasm and saw this woman. I approached her less than 500 yards from the pool and askedher for directions and she didn’t know... so I teased her
about this and then directed her to the pool. It was zany, but she loved it. Before I approached her, she was standing alone at the bus stop and then some nutter (me)
approaches and makes her laugh. That made her happy that I was there; it’s better than being alone. She ended up ignoring her bus when it came by.]




Harlequin: “What? That was yours? You just missed your bus?”


Julia: “Yeah... I’m supposed to signal” Harlequin: “Wow... not only do you not know where the
world’s greatest non-Olympic pool is, but you suck with public transport...”

Julia: “Well I was kind of distracted...”

Harlequin: “Are you one of those women that stands on the street at night... waiting for taxis, or are
you the sort that books one in advance?”

…and off Harlequin and Julia go into a normal conversation.




Opinion openers often turn into scripts as you get used to the likely range of responses and develop
natural follow-on questions. You want to end the opener and get to the Transitioning phase as quickly
as possible, but sometimes you need an extra moment or two of dialogue before the moment is right.
In these situations, use follow-on statements or questions. See the “Breast Enlargement” sidebar on
the following page as an example.


There are three other important elements that improve any opinion opener:


                5. Time Constraints: Somewhere in the first 30 seconds you should say something like “I
                can only stay a second; I have my friends here.” This will stop the group from feeling
                uncomfortable and wondering how long you’ll be staying. A time constraint implies that you
                are not hitting on anyone and also sets you up as a bit of a challenge. But make sure you
                phrase your time constraint in positive terms. For example, consider the difference in what
                is communicated by “I can only stay a second; my friends are here” compared to “I will only
                stay a second, then I’ll stop bothering you.”
                6. Rooting: If a woman does not believe that your opinion opener reflects a real situation
                that is relevant to you, then she may think you are hitting on her in an amateurish way.
                Adding specific details to the opener to make the situation feel more real to her is known as
                rooting. Consider the difference between “My friend Eddie over there in the green shirt just
                broke up with his girlfriend. How long do you think he has to wait before dating her friend?”
                and “How long should someone wait after breaking up with their girlfriend to date her
                friend?” The rooting of the former opener in specific details gives it credibility. If a woman
                responds to an opinion opener with something like “are you taking a survey?” it often means
