you did not convincingly root your question.
         7. Attention... Pause: Opinion openers are usually longer than other types of openers, so
         make sure you have a group’s full attention before you start. We have found opening with
         “hey guys” in a loud tone of voice to be successful at getting a group’s attention. Pause after
         you say this. If the group does not stop their conversation to look at you, repeat yourself, a
         bit louder. If you routinely need a second attempt to get their attention, you are not being
         loud and authoritative enough. By the way, we use “guys” instead of “girls” or “ladies” even
         when addressing an all-female group, because using a gender-neutral term [“guys” can be
         gender-neutral at least in North America] implies that it is irrelevant that they are women,
         which further implies that you are not hitting on them.


We love opinion openers. Their ability to start a conversation without communicating interest is
invaluable, especially when meeting very attractive women. They can also reduce approach anxiety
(see the end of this chapter) because they are scripted and neutral. Because they are scripted, they are
also great for practicing and improving your tonality and your non-verbal communication, since you
already know what you’re going to say.


On the other hand, opinion openers have some disadvantages. They tend to be longer, which makes
them harder to use in loud nightclubs. You will also need a good transition to move from the specific
subject of the opener to a normal conversation.


An opinion opener must appear to be spontaneous to be successful. If you walk across a room to ask a
woman’s opinion, she’ll know that you picked her for a reason and she will start screening you. If you
want to use an opinion opener on her, you will need to first maneuver yourself to an adjacent space
before “spontaneously” turning to her and using it. This can be a somewhat advanced tactic; save this
for when you already feel comfortable using opinion openers on people around you.


Opinion Opener Example: Breast Enlargement
Opener: My friend’s girlfriend is planning to have breast enlargement surgery as her birthday present
to him. He doesn’t know about this and I don’t think he’ll be happy. Should I say something to her? Or
to him?


Typical Responses: Don’t say anything / say something to her / say something to him [The content of
her answer is irrelevant. Transition or continue with either or both follow-ons.]


Follow-on 1: Here’s the thing, I think her real motivation might be that her sister just got her breasts
done and they’ve always been really competitive. But would someone really change their body like
that just out of jealousy?


Follow-on 2: I wonder if it’s even my place to say something because I used to hook up with her
