• People are mingling freely.


          • I am surrounded by other people and clearly being social.


The initial awkwardness and the difficulty of managing your credibility and keeping strangers’
attention when they have no idea why you are talking to them make this a risky type of opener. At the
same time, it’s a high-reward opener if you pull it off because it displays a tremendous amount of
confidence and social agility. If successfully executed, no transition will be necessary and you skip
straight to the Attraction phase.
Screening Openers



In a screening opener, you are making your intentions fairly clear. However, instead of forcing her to
decide whether she is curious about you as in a direct opener, you imply that you are trying to decide
whether you are interested in her. For example:


          • Are you friendly?


          • Is there more to you than meets the eye?


          • I saw you from over there and wanted to see what you were like.


You can use these anytime, but they are best used in nighttime environments where flirting is on
everybody’s mind, such as bars and nightclubs. They work best with small groups, since many women
will be reluctant to qualify themselves to you in front of their friends. Qualification is explained in
Chapter 8; in this context, a woman qualifying herself to you means that she is telling you why you
should be interested in her.


Despite the pretense that you are screening her, women know that most men would not approach them
with this sort of challenge unless they were interested. So, screening openers are likely to
communicate your intentions; however, if executed properly and in a playful tone, you will have a
much better chance of winning her interest because you demonstrated confidence by approaching her
in this way.


If you succeed with this kind of opener then you will find yourself in the Qualification phase. At this
point it is safe to assume that attraction already exists. Later you will have to go back and fill in the
blanks in her mind about who you are and why she is interested in you; however, it is easier to help
