Approach Anxiety
Starting a conversation with a woman you don’t know can be very scary. We call this fear “Approach
Anxiety.” Almost every man has it. We’ve learned how to deal with it and so will you.


If approach anxiety did not exist, bars and nightclubs would make a lot less money from liquor sales.
Some men refer to alcohol as “liquid courage” and drink to lower their inhibitions and increase their
confidence to approach women. Unfortunately, you cannot just send alcohol to the part of your brain
that governs your inhibitions; it also goes to the parts of your brain that stop you from slurring,
knocking things over, and remembering what just happened. Furthermore, if you depend on alcohol to
get over approach anxiety, you will be restricting your opportunities for meeting women to those
times and places where alcohol is easily accessible. Theoretically, you could walk around drunk all
day meeting women. This might even be fun for a day or two. Actually it is fun. At my college, we
called this “Spring Break.” However, in normal life, if you’re not going to constantly alter your brain
chemistry with alcohol or other drugs, then you’ll need to get over approach anxiety psychologically.
This is hard, but necessary. Here are some ideas that may help:
Realize that rejection isn’t bad
Approaching is a skill, not a personality test.


Before I learned to approach, I remember one night at a popular nightclub in San Diego when I
approached 15 groups, and none of the conversations lasted for more than 2 minutes. I did not
successfully approach a single group.


A few weeks later, I was out with someone who had learned from someone who knew what he was
doing (he is currently an instructor with Love Systems). I saw how to approach effectively, and got a
little bit better. With practice, I became proficient. Did I become a different person? No. I just learned
to approach. No one was rejecting me during the awful 0 for 15 night. They were rejecting my
approach, and rightly so since it was terrible. They could not possibly have been rejecting me, since no
woman knew me for more than two minutes. They did not know anything about me. You as a person
can no more be rejected by a woman after your opener than the game of basketball could reject you
because you missed a shot. Practice the shot – or the opener – and you will succeed.


Go out somewhere where people don’t know you and use a ridiculous opener – one that you expect
would not work. Do it 10 times. You will not die. Instead, you should become less stressed and have
more fun with the process. Keep that attitude when you use a “real” opener.
Get warmed up
Think of your first couple approaches as “warm ups.” Most people generally need to ease into the
process of being social with strangers. Before you go out, do things to get your social energy up. Call
friends. Listen to high-energy music. Interact with random people. It’s very difficult to go directly
from being alone with your computer to being the life of the party.
