Use opinion openers
Opinion openers are great for getting over approach anxiety because, after all, you’re just asking a
question. You’re not hitting on anyone (yet). And because they are scripted, you can focus on their
delivery. Good or bad delivery is usually what will make an opener work, so giving yourself a chance
to focus on this – knowing that the content of your opener is fine – can only benefit you in the long
run.
Create incentives
Very few people like approaching strangers. Some people set targets of a certain number of
approaches per day or per week. Others take it a step further and create systems to reward themselves
if they succeed or punish themselves if they fail. For example, the Venusian Arts Handbook suggests
that you go out with a friend and give him $200 and have him give you $20 back every time you open
someone new. Or you can tell your friend not to drive you home until you’ve opened 8 new groups.
Dealing with other men
Don’t be afraid of mixed groups (groups with men and women in them). Mixed groups are actually
easier than all-female groups if you are using an opinion opener, since you can (and usually should)
direct your opening conversation at the men in a group. If you are sufficiently interesting, the women
will want to also get your attention. By playfully ignoring or teasing the woman you’re interested in,
you may start to create the type of emotional tension that often leads to attraction. See Chapter 7.


You can and should approach mixed groups even when such groups include more men than women.
The relationships between the men and women in such groups will become obvious early in your
interaction with them (or will become so when you ask how everyone knows each other), and you will
earn credit with the women in the group for having the guts to approach when most other men would
be too timid.


Do not initiate conflict with the other men in the group. A woman will be less interested in you if she
senses that you cannot get along with the men in her life. If you appear to disrespect a woman’s
brother, sister’s boyfriend, coworker, platonic male friend, or any other man in her social circle, you
will demonstrate poor social skills. You will also end up making enemies within her social circle, who
will try to convince her not to date you.


Befriending other men does not mean kissing up to them – neither they, nor the women in the group,
will be interested in you if you do – but it does mean treating them with respect. Imagine that you are
at the park with your younger sister. What would a man have to do for you to want her to date him, or
at least for you to be neutral about it? One technique for bonding with someone is to act as if he is
already your friend. Act toward other men in her group as you would act around your own friends.


Sports, gadgets (comparing cell phones often works), cars, alcohol, and movies are often good sources
of conversation with other men.
