Content Transitions


A content transition uses the response to your opener to change the subject to a new conversation. For
example, if you were using the “my friend Eddie who just broke up with his girlfriend and wants to
date her friend” opener from Chapter 5, she might mention that her best friend back home in London
had recently been in a similar situation.


If you’re quick, you might see an immediate content transition opportunity here, and interrupt her by
confirming that she’s from London. When she tells you that she is, you can roll out a London-related
anecdote. It doesn’t even have to be long, but it has to be interesting enough that she pursues that
conversation instead of the one about Eddie. Going back to talking about Eddie is going back a phase,
not forward.


This dialogue may help explain:


         Me: My friend Eddie over there in the green shirt just broke up with his girlfriend. How long
         do you think he has to wait before asking her friend out?


         Her: Umm, I don’t know. My best friend Jane back home in London was in that situation
         with two guys. She’d been dating one...


         Me: [interrupting] You’re from London? Oh my God, I just got back from there. I had the
         greatest time.


         Her: What were you doing in London?


…and away we go into Attraction (Chapter 7).


Was that too easy? Alright, let’s pretend that she didn’t ask what I was doing in London, but returns
back to the subject of Eddie. This might mean that she is responding to my opinion opener out of a
sense of social obligation and isn’t especially interested in me yet. Or it might mean that she is more
interested in Eddie’s situation than in my impressions of London. Or it might not mean anything at all.
It doesn’t matter. Have the stronger frame and ensure that the conversation moves forward, not
backward. Let’s pick the conversation up from where I interrupted her.


         Me: [interrupting] You’re from London? Oh my God, I just got back from there. I had the
         greatest time.
