Her: Yeah, so Jane ended up deciding that she couldn’t even be friends with either of them
         and…


         Me: [interrupting]: Isn’t it crazy the way people with British accents sound more educated?


         My friend just opened a restaurant in Mayfair and even the foreign cleaning staff sound like
         Harvard PhDs, even when they were talking about mops and tables. Did you ever notice
         that?


         Her: Yeah, kind of, but I haven’t been there in ages.


         Me: Oh yeah? Well, I loved London. We went on this helicopter ride over the city, and…


…and away we go into Attraction (Chapter 7).


By the way, you don’t have to interrupt to make a content transition work. But you shouldn’t reach
back into the conversation to find your content transition. For example, assume that we continued
talking about Jane and Eddie for a while. A few minutes later, it would not feel as natural to start
talking about London. It might look like I was grasping at ways to keep the conversation going, which
could telegraph my interest in her before I’ve had much of a chance to attract her. Again, as we
covered in Chapter 5, it’s not necessarily bad for a woman to see right away that you are interested in
her. It’s only bad if you’re pretending not to be, using an opinion opener.


A more advanced tactic is to create the conditions for a content transition within the opener. For
example, after you ask about Eddie’s situation, and she gives her initial response, you can mention
that you and Eddie were just talking about this on the airplane earlier that day and he told you that...
[insert more details from the situation]. We call the reference to the airplane an “open thread” and
cover this concept in detail in Chapter 18 on Storytelling. If she asks about the airplane or where you
were traveling from, then she has opened the door for a content transition.


To be good at content transitions, you need good improvisational and conversational skills, and should
convey enough enthusiasm about the new topic to carry the conversation and your listener(s) with you.
