No Transition


Using No Transition means simply starting to talk about an unrelated topic. This may feel strange or
awkward. In truth, most people -- especially women -- don’t care if there is little obvious relationship
between different conversational topics, as long as they are entertained. Think about a stand-up
comedian. His jokes will be grouped into certain subjects, but these subjects are rarely related. So
after a couple of jokes about, say, airlines, he or she will tell a couple about some movie star. They’re
not connected, but we don’t notice or care. We’re entertained and interested.


That being said, it does sometimes feel awkward to her, and the fact that it may feel awkward to you
will affect your non-verbal communication or the reaction of others in her group. Even if you can get
away without a transition, why bother? You don’t get any points for skipping the phase and it only
takes a few seconds anyway.




Observation Transition Example: The Best Friends Test

If I have approached a group of two women, then I will often use the Best Friends Test. Credit “Style.”
My version has evolved from his – not necessarily better or worse – and with repeated use, your
version of any routine should evolve into one that feels comfortable and natural to you. So focus on
the underlying direction of this routine as opposed to memorizing it word-for-word. Text in square
brackets [like this] refers to explanations of what is going on or what I might be thinking.

Me: [interrupting at some point during the opener]You guys have known each other for a while, haven’t you?
Them: [whatever answer they give is irrelevant, unless I want to use it for a Content Transition.]
Me: I noticed that you have [slight pause] the exact same smile.
Them: Laughter [If they’re not laughing, your delivery was probably off.]
Me: Here, I’m going to show you something cool…
do you guys [pause] use the same shampoo? / havethe same favorite color? / [anything that relates to a commonality].



[We need to explore some contingencies here, as women will usually do one of three different things
at this point: They will both look at each other. Or one will look at the other. Or both will keep looking
straight ahead at me.]
If they look at each other…


Me: [Wave hand between them at their eye level to get their attention]. You guys looked at each other before even
answering the question. [Pause – they will turn to look at each other again.] You just did it again. [They laugh and look at each
other again.]
And again. [They will look at each other yet again and laugh. You can do this several times if you really want to, but once or twice is
enough.] You see, people who share a strong emotional connection will turn to look at each other when
asked a question about shared experiences, even over something as mundane as shampoo [or colors].
