If only one looks at the other:

Me: See, she’s the dominant one in this friendship because you [indicating the one who looked at the other] looked at her first. [They
will almost certainly laugh or talk here. Let them for a second and then turn to the ’dominant’ one.] So if she’s getting out of line, I’ll
bring her to you. [By the way, this isn’t an especially accurate predictor of social dominance between two women. I invented this a
couple of years ago and in that time it’s been accurate about two- thirds of the time. Treat this as fun, not as a meaningful
psychological test.]



If they both look at you:

Me: Interesting. Normally people who share an emotional connection will turn to look at each other when asked a question about
shared experiences. Either you’re both really unique and independent people or you don’t actually like each other very much.
[Usually by then they look at each other, and then I’ll catch them on it, and tease them with something like:]
“I knew you had it in you” or “I knew you guys liked each other deep down.”


Advanced notes for the Best Friends Test:


You can get away with telling either or both women that they are looking at each other even if they are
not. Or if they only make a quick glance out of the corner of their eye and don’t even move their head.
I’ve even gotten away with telling them that they were looking at each other when neither woman’s
eyes moved, but this doesn’t always work. That’s why I created the contingencies for when one or
both of them doesn’t turn to look at her friend.


Right after “Here, I’m going to show you something really cool” is an excellent opportunity to drop in
a false time constraint (Chapter 5) like “and then I should get back to my friends.” It is also a good
opportunity to rearrange your physical dynamics. Usually at this point, when I’ve told them I’m going
to show them “something cool” I move them so they are beside each other, facing me, and I am
comfortably standing or leaning against a wall, bar, countertop, etc. We call this “locking in” and
discuss it further in Chapter 18.
