Attraction within the model


The Attraction phase is where you – guess what? – get the woman you are interested in attracted to
you. The Attraction phase begins as soon as you are able to have a normal conversation (see Glossary)
with a woman and her group. This occurs immediately if you meet a woman through your social circle
(Chapter 12). If she is a stranger, it occurs after Transitioning or after an opener that does not require a
transition (Chapters 5 and 6).


The phase ends when she becomes interested or curious about you as a man and a potential romantic
and/or sexual interest. Repeat that: “As a man.” Not as a friend. Not as a clownish guy that has been
weirdly entertaining. As a man.


To explain how this works, we use a concept called Value. No, this is not your intrinsic value as a
person. Your value is just how desirable you are at a specific moment to a specific woman. A
woman’s value is based on how desirable she feels to men in general. When your value is greater than
hers, she will usually become attracted to you.


You will know that you have reached this point because she will let you qualify her (see Chapter 8).
You can measure your progress to this goal by looking out for specific Signs of Attraction, discussed
in the final section of this chapter.


The best way to create attraction is for her to discover things about your personality that she likes.


This increases your value. We refer to the process as Demonstrating or a Demonstration of Higher
Value and use the acronym DHV both as a noun and as a verb. Because Attraction is an early phase
and you probably haven’t learned much about her personality and likes and dislikes, you should
usually look for opportunities to DHV on the universally attractive characteristics from Chapter 3.


The Attraction phase should take approximately 2-20 minutes and you will be doing most of the
talking. Try to get through it as quickly as possible. The reason we call it the Emotional Progression
Model is that you are meant to guide a woman through a progression of different emotions until you
reach your goal. Serving up an endless stream of Attraction material will not get you there, unless she
is drunk, desperate, or consciously seeking a one-night stand.


Another reason to move quickly is that interactions with strangers can end suddenly and without
warning. Her friends might show up or make her leave, she could get an important phone call, or
something else might require her attention. As you’ll see in Chapters 9 and 22, to be reasonably sure
of seeing a woman again, you should make sure that you at least get to the Comfort phase in your first
interaction with her. Since you don’t know how much time you’ll have to do this, don’t waste any.
