A woman’s value


As we saw above, a woman’s value is based on her desirability to men in general. It has nothing to do
with how desirable you think she is. Most men, shallow beasts that we are, respond primarily to a
woman’s physical attractiveness, making her value closely tied to her looks. Actually, her value will
be based on her perception of her looks, which is affected by such factors as her self-esteem, her
previous experiences with men, and how she feels she compares with other women.


In fact, the more attractive a woman, the greater the influence of unpredictable factors such as her
self-esteem. Some extremely beautiful women have an amazing psychological challenge to keep their
heads on straight. From an early age, they learn that many rules don’t apply to them. Men will give
them access to high-status social events, money, and excitement that most women their age never get.
This can raise a woman’s self-esteem if she takes these things seriously, or lower it if she doesn’t feel
she deserves them. Beautiful women can find themselves irrationally hated by other women, and other
people often treat them as if they are one-dimensional sex objects. Unless they have strong
personalities or strong family and peer networks, many extremely attractive women end up a little bit
loopy. Some pretty women think they are bombshells. Some bombshells think they are average. Some
actually think they are ugly and focus on their perceived flaws.


Moreover, a woman’s value can change quite rapidly based on her social context. Put an attractive
woman in a room full of plain women and she may feel beautiful. Put her in a room full of
supermodels and she may feel average. She may feel beautiful again if she gets a job waitressing at a
trendy club and routinely flirts with high-value men – until she gets off work. A new outfit or a haircut
may raise her value. Seeing her ex-boyfriend with a beautiful woman may lower it. And so on. One of
the reasons why beautiful women are often insecure is that their friends are often beautiful as well. A
woman may not feel beautiful in comparison.


All of this serves to illustrate that a woman’s value might be very different from how attractive you
think she is.
