Disqualification


We saw above that raising your value involves communicating your attractive qualities to a woman.


If she feels that you are bragging, she may become turned off as well as skeptical of what you are
saying. Women are more likely to pay attention to your good qualities if they feel that they are
figuring them out for themselves.


One important technique is to DHV in a subtle and indirect way. We cover this in the second half of
this chapter, starting with “How to DHV.” Still, such techniques can be less likely to work if a woman
thinks that you are hitting on her. You need to clear the ground first.


One way we do this is through a technique we call disqualification. Disqualification means that we say
or do something that someone who was interested in her would not likely say or do. This convinces
her that we are not hitting on her, and this, amusingly, is what actually allows us to hit on her
effectively. She’ll thank you for this later.


There are three elements of a good disqualifier. First, it should be a choice. You are choosing not to be
interested in her. Second, it should be positive. You’re not disqualifying her because of anything bad
about her (unless it’s obviously teasing, as in the fourth example below). It should never be an insult.
Third, it should be surmountable. You will want her to be able to win you over later. Telling her that
you are married with three children is neither a choice nor is it a surmountable obstacle. Here are
some better disqualifiers:


          • “You’re fun; too bad you’re not my type.”


          • “My girlfriend” (In the context of any story that takes place in the past - surmount this
          later by saying that she was your girlfriend at the time the story took place).


          • “I love women who are tall/short/blonde/Asian/preppy” (something she is not).


          • “You and I would not get along” (said while smiling).


Disqualification also conveys value in itself. It helps you appear Challenging. An effective
disqualifier should also:


          • Be understood by her entire group, so that they do not try to “protect” her from you.
