• Occur early in the Attraction phase. The longer you talk to an attractive woman without
         disqualifying yourself, the more people will think you are hitting on her.


Disqualification does not always come through statements. Sometimes you can accomplish the same
goals non-verbally, by employing neutral or dismissive body language in situations where an
interested man’s physical posture would betray his intentions. Or sometimes you can disqualify
yourself by simply not doing something, such as not looking over and smiling if she touches you, not
focusing on her to the exclusion of the group, or not buying her a drink when she requests it.


Disqualification theory can easily take a whole book in itself. More advanced game can involve
disqualifying during the Opener, or the use of “negs.”


Negs


Negs have a very limited and specific use and purpose. We present them as a potential tool, but you
can enjoy great success with women without them.


A neg is a very strong disqualification tool that can also raise your value. A neg is something that
appears to be communicated with positive or at least neutral intent toward a woman, but
“inadvertently” betrays that you notice that she is not perfect. For example, the classic neg, “nice
nails, are they real?” is somewhat of a compliment, until she admits that her nails are fake. “You blink
a lot” (said neutrally) or “your nose wiggles when you talk” (said as if you think it’s cute) accomplish
the same thing.


An effective neg will:


         • Disqualify yourself. Men who are hitting on a woman don’t generally do this kind of thing.
         She’ll know it and her friends will know it.


         • Temporarily lower her value, decreasing the potential value gap between you.


         • Increase your value. Low-value men don’t often say those sorts of things to high-value
         women. Low-value men do insult unattainable women, but these are negs, not insults.


The problem with negs is that they can often backfire if used inappropriately and demonstrate low
Social Intuition. Here are some tips to avoid this situation:
