How to DHV


There are five basic ways to DHV. I have ranked these below, in order from most to least effective,
with a hypothetical example for each based on the characteristic “Status”:
          7. She observes it.
          She sees me come to an exclusive new restaurant in a limousine and the Maitre D’ ushers
          me to the best table.
          2. She learns of it from a trusted personal source, like a friend.
             Her best friend tells her that I am friends with the owner of the restaurant.
          3. She learns of it from a neutral source.
             She sees a picture of me with the owner of the restaurant.
          4. She learns of it from a source that is biased to me, like my friend.
             My friend tells her that I am friends with the owner of the restaurant.
          5. I tell her.
             I tell her that I am friends with the owner of the restaurant.


Let’s explore each of these in more detail before applying them to our eight universally positive
characteristics from Chapter 3.
Observed DHVs


In most cases, it is preferable that a woman observe your DHVs as opposed to learning about them
from someone else or being told about them. We always value what our own eyes and ears tell us.
Unfortunately, this is not always possible. For example, it can be difficult to have a woman Observe
Pre-selection (see Chapter 3) when there are no other women around.


What we used to call Interactive Value Demonstrations – demonstrating value by doing something
like making a woman laugh or teaching her something – are Observed DHVs.
Learned DHVs


If you can’t have a woman Observe something, the next best thing is for her to Learn it from another
source. The closer this source is to her, the more weight the DHV will have. We’ll look at the three
primary types of sources below, from the highest-impact (and hardest to execute) to lowest-impact
(but easiest):


         Personal source: Personal source DHVs can come spontaneously if a woman’s friends like
         you, so it’s important to befriend and impress her group. You can also try to help this
         process along by DHVing to her friends and hoping they tell her. However, you will want to
         avoid attracting or appearing to be hitting on her friends, as this may cause the woman you
