are interested in to become unresponsive to you. This can be solved with a good wingman
          (see Chapter 21) who can tell her friends good things about you. Personal source DHVs are
          also much easier to obtain within your social circle (Chapter 12).


          Neutral source: Neutral sources are those which a woman presumes not to be aligned with
          either you or her, e.g., random strangers, coffee shop owners, internet websites, etc. You can
          make these work for you if you plan ahead. For example, a friendly coffee shop owner who
          sees you regularly might be persuaded to relay some helpful anecdotes about you when
          you’re in the bathroom. When you meet a woman at a social venue who is attached, make a
          good impression anyway. She may see you later on talking to another woman and tell her
          how wonderful you are. Or she might have desirable single friends and give you Personal
          source DHVs when talking to them about you.


          Biased source: Most women will put more weight into what your friends say about you than
          in what you say about yourself. This is true even though she presumes your friends to be “on
          your side.” Biased source DHVs are also very useful in conveying attractive attributes like
          wealth. If you tell a woman that you are rich, it’s likely to turn her off. If your friend tells
          her, she’s more likely to take note. In general, if I’m at a party with a friend and meet
          someone interesting, I might introduce her to my friend and then drift off for a while. The
          next time I see her, my friend will likely have raised my value to her by talking about me.
Told DHVs


The Told DHV is the workhorse of Attraction. It’s the most versatile of the communication types, and
is often your only option if the situation is not right for an Observed or Learned DHV. By far the
biggest challenge in doing this is avoiding any appearance of bragging. Bragging implies insecurity,
which implies a lack of Confidence and Social Intuition.


Storytelling, especially the technique known as embedding, is your most useful tool here. We cover
this subject in greater detail in Chapter 17; however, since it is crucial for Told DHVs, we’ve included
a short section here.


An embedded DHV is a DHV that appears to be relevant to the overall story without appearing to be
the primary purpose of the story. See how many embedded DHVs you can find in the fictional story
below:


My ex-girlfriend picked me up at the airport this morning. Normally she drives an Audi, but today she
shows up in a red Maserati. She didn’t say anything about it, so I pretended that I didn’t notice, just to
irritate her.
But then about 5 minutes outside the airport, we got pulled over by the police. The license plate wasn’t
valid, the registration on the car wasn’t hers, and neither was the insurance. I whispered to her
“Karen, you’d tell me if you all of a sudden became a drug lord, right?”
