story may get her attention, but if she cannot observe signs of your good health, then it will not likely
resonate with her.
Social Intuition


Social Intuition is also almost always Observed. As soon as you meet a woman, she will
subconsciously evaluate your social skills. If she notices you before you interact with her, she will
observe your Social Intuition in the context of your interactions with other people. So make sure your
social presence is always “on.” If you’re at a social venue like a party or a nightclub, always be with
people and having a good time. Don’t circle around looking for women to meet.


The very act of being able to enter a group of strangers and lead a conversation for several minutes
demonstrates Social Intuition.


Your energy level is also a manifestation of Social Intuition. Have an air of excitement, an energy
level slightly greater than hers, and a genuine passion for meeting people. Enthusiasm is contagious.
Notice the effect on your game when you go out with confident, high-energy people.
Humor


Humor is almost always Observed. If you find it difficult to be humorous in the first few minutes of
meeting someone, try role-play or other silly games. For example, you can tell a woman in mid-
conversation that you are breaking up with her and getting a divorce if you disagree with something
she says. Make this playful. Then when she says something you like, ask her to marry you again. Then
divorce her later and argue about who gets the DVD collection. Or, if she tells you that she likes
skiing, start planning your trip to North Pole Mountain together. While you’re there, you can steal
Santa’s list so that he’ll give both of you Switzerland for Christmas so you’ll both be able to ski
whenever you want. It’s immature, but it’s fun. And most women will take “immature and fun” over
                                                 4
“mature and serious” when they first meet a man . There are literally hundreds of examples of these -
written word-for-word the way I and other Love Systems Instructors use them, in the Love Systems
Routines Manual (www.LoveSystems.com/Routines).
Status


With Status, we enter into the Attributes. You have more flexibility in communicating these than you
do with the Foundational characteristics.


Having a woman observe Status can best be done either through a demonstration of genuine Status
that you possess (for example, breezing through the line at a hot nightclub) or through the assistance
of your friends. When you are trying to attract a woman, your friends should be as deferential to you
as possible, unless they are trying to date her friends, in which case overly submissive behavior will
