hurt them. Your friends can randomly appear over the course of the interaction thanking you, in front
of her, for getting them into some party, for giving them a job, or for anything else that would imply
that you have Status.


If you are using Told DHVs to convey Status, the following elements can serve as useful ideas for
embedding:


          • Friends/associates who jump at a moment’s notice to do something with or for you because
          of their respect for you or ties to you.


          • Your career (if applicable).


          • People you know (be careful to avoid “name dropping”).
Wealth


Demonstrating Wealth by having a woman Observe it can be tricky. Going out of your way to show
off can come across as crude, showing low Social Intuition and possibly implying that you are
compensating for deficiencies elsewhere in your life. For example, in some cultures, certain very
expensive sports cars, especially small ones, can carry this implication.


When a woman observes a man’s Wealth, she will take everything in: how he dresses, what kind of car
he drives, where he lives, etc. If you are not well-off, make the most of what you have. Put a large bill,
like a $100 bill in the United States, around a stack of smaller bills to create a roll that appears to
represent Wealth. Keep what you do own in good repair. And remember – Wealth includes future
prospects. A medical student probably doesn’t have much Wealth right now, but will be considered to
have a high Wealth value by most women.


One of the worst ways to demonstrate Wealth is to go out of your way to spend it on her. Don’t make a
show of buying her drinks or taking her somewhere very expensive on the first date. If a woman feels
that you are trying to attract her with money, she may wonder whether this is because you have
nothing else going for you. If you spend a lot on her, she might deliberately withhold sex, in hope of
more money being spent on her in the future or in order not to feel like a prostitute. See Chapter 16 for
more details about money and dating.


In contrast, if a woman asks you to buy her a drink when you first meet her, she’s not testing for
Wealth. She’s either not interested in you at all and is just looking for free drinks and the opportunity
to feel desirable, or she’s testing to see if you are Challenging (see below).


Told DHVs on Wealth can be difficult to pull off; the embedding must be very subtle. Learned DHVs
