Do you remember the shy kid who gets the girl in teen movies? Sixteen Candles is a classic example.


The real world is different – the main character in that movie would never get a girlfriend at his high
school. Every time you see a TV show or movie in which a male character asks a woman “so… um…
would you like to… you know… go out with me on Saturday?” and she says yes, remind yourself that
this is fiction. In real life, being shy and nervous – no matter how cute or how much the tortured artist
you think you are being – is a terrible way to make a woman attracted to you.
Pre-selected


In large social gatherings, such as parties or nightclubs, take advantage of the opportunity to meet lots
of women. Some of them will come back to you later, including when you are talking to other women.
I may be talking to two women and realize that neither is right for me romantically. At some point, the
three of us can approach another group. The fact that I already have women with me gives some value
through Pre-selection (even if we’re obviously not involved) and carries a nice side bonus of getting
on the good side of whatever men happen to be in the second group. Or you can just bring attractive
female friends out with you who will help you meet other women.


Keep in mind that Pre-selection is also affected by a woman’s assessment of other women’s value.
Hanging around with a drunk and unattractive woman who has been kissing every man in the
nightclub does not make you Pre-selected.


Pre-selection can also work as a Learned DHV (usually from a Biased source) or a Told DHV. A
couple of stories about your ex-girlfriends are often a good way of doing this. Don’t go overboard. It’s
not normal for a man to talk at great length about his ex-girlfriends to people he just met. They may
think that you have low Social Intuition or that you’re obsessed with your past and not ready for a new
relationship.
Challenging


Being a Challenge is crucially important. In fact, one of the main purposes of the Qualification phase
(which is coming next) is to confirm to her that you are Challenging. This DHV is usually Observed,
similar to and for the same reasons as with Confidence.


If you’re not a Challenge, most women will be skeptical about your other qualities. It doesn’t fit that a
man who, for example, has Status and Social Intuition would be easily won over. Especially before a
woman has done much to convey her attractive qualities (this happens in Qualification).


Another reason to be Challenging is that it makes the process more fun for a woman. An attractive
woman can have men, even very attractive men, all the time. This is boring. When other men fawn
