Jealousy


Jealousy is simply Pre-selection brought from an abstract to a specific level. In the abstract, a woman
may know that other women are interested in you, and this may make her curious about you. At the
specific level, she sees other women demonstrating interest in you right now. Why is this a good
thing?


          • It helps keep the interaction fresh and exciting and challenging.


          • It is an antidote against her perceiving you as a potential “orbiter” (See Chapter 9).


          • It is a strong emotion. Women like experiencing ranges of emotions. Feeling jealousy and
          then feeling reassured has much more of an effect on a woman than just feeling happy.


          • It warns her that she can’t play “hard to get” forever. Other women are staking their claim,
          so she’d better move on you before it’s too late. This makes your job in the Seduction phase
          ( Chapter 10) much easier.


          • It reassures her that you are indeed a good catch and are desired by more women than just
          her.


As with any communication, it is better for her to Observe this situation than to Learn or be Told
about it. An example of Observed jealousy can occur if you are on a date and happen to run into
another woman; this is particularly effective if this other woman is attractive, affectionate, and clearly
the one pursuing you as opposed to vice versa. Since you can’t count on this happening, you may have
to tell her about a situation if you want her to feel these emotions. If you are on a daytime date, for
example, you could mention that you have to be done by 6 p.m. since a friend of yours is coming to
cook you dinner. As always, subtlety is key here. She knows that men don’t tend to make plans to cook
each other dinner, so she’ll assume that your friend is a woman, and possibly a rival. Don’t say
anything more than this. Let her fill in the details.


That being said, nothing can kill a good interaction with a woman as quickly, as totally, and as
irreparably as a poorly-executed attempt to induce jealousy. One common mistake is bad timing.


A woman cannot feel jealousy until she is attracted to you. She will also not feel it very intensely until
you have qualified her. People fear losing what they have far more than they fear losing what they do
not have. Thus, if she feels that she has won you over during the Qualification phase, jealousy will
have much more of an impact.
