Why Qualify?


Qualification can be a counter-intuitive process. After all, you approached a woman because you were
interested in her. Why make her win you over once the interaction has already begun?


         • The Qualification process gives you reasons to be attracted to her other than her looks. You
         need these reasons. If you are Pre-selected (see Chapter 3), you wouldn’t jump at the first
         attractive woman who shows interest. And if you only like her for her looks, she’ll likely
         think that you’ll leave her when you get what you want or when someone more beautiful
         comes along.


         • Attractive women find it validating but ultimately boring to have men interested in them
         based on their looks alone.


         • Most women enjoy the process of working for the attention of a desirable man. Flirting is a
         fun game for most women, and she wants to play too.


         • If you do not qualify her, she may realize that you were interested in her all along. It’s a
         good thing to be open about your interest in her once you have established sufficient value,
         but you need her to have earned it. If she realizes that she never did anything to win your
         interest, her psychology will want her to continue screening you. In contrast, if you’ve both
         already screened and won each other over, the Comfort phase can focus on building a
         connection with each other on a level playing field.


         • Qualification solidifies her attraction to you. This relates to the psychological principles of
         investment and of cognitive dissonance. The more someone invests to gain a result, the more
         that person wants to achieve it. Cognitive dissonance accounts for most peoples’ dislike of
         holding two contradictory ideas in their head. Thus, if a woman worked hard to win your
                                                                                  5
         interest, she will want to believe that your interest was worth winning .
