Helping her qualify herself


Once you have decided what qualities you are looking for, or are going to appear to be looking for,
you need her to convince you that she has them. Surprisingly, many highly-desirable women aren’t
especially good at this. That’s not to say that such women aren’t good at seducing men; many are, but
these men are usually ones who they see on multiple occasions, at different events connected to their
social circle. Even then, many women’s strategy is no more sophisticated than going to events where
they know that a given man will be present, ensuring that they consistently look good at such events,
and taking advantage of opportunities to flirt with him once there. Eventually, he may realize that they
are interested in each other.


If you just met her, she probably doesn’t know what to do to win your interest. All that most women
usually want out of most men who approach them is the validation of knowing that men find them
beautiful. Remember, most other men don’t have the knowledge or skills that you do from reading this
book. Sure, women will occasionally flirt with, date, or hook up with men they just met, but this
happens most often when the man is particularly good-looking, high-status, or a “natural” (he
naturally employs many of the techniques described in this book), or she is specifically in the mood to
meet someone new.


Our techniques are designed to work even when these factors are not present. But this is an unfamiliar
situation for many women. Since a woman may not always know what to do to solidify your interest in
her, you may need to help.
Qualifiers


A Qualifier is anything that encourages or helps a woman to convey her good qualities to you. A
“hard” Qualifier is like a job interview – you make it obvious that you’re looking for something, and
evaluate what she says accordingly. A “soft” Qualifier should be subtle or imperceptible, making the
process feel more “natural.” Your Qualifiers should be as soft as possible as long as she is able to
demonstrate attractive qualities and feel that she is working for your interest. After all, no one likes
job interviews.


A soft Qualifier can be as easy as bringing up topics that are likely to let her express her personality
and give you reasons to be attracted to her. Examples include:


         • Travel.


         • Career.
