• Education.


          • Hobbies.


          • Pets.


          • Cooking.


          • What-if questions (“if you could be any animal, what would you be?” etc.).


Any of these can be introduced as a question or a statement. With travel, for example, you can ask “Do
you like to travel?” and follow up with questions like “where have you been?” “where did you like
most?” or “where do you most want to go?” Don’t ask all of these, of course, or she’ll feel like she’s
being interviewed. Using statements, you can say something like, “I love to travel” and wait for her
reaction. If she is attracted to you, she will want to talk about interests you have in common.


          Mix statements and questions. Don’t rely only on one or the other.


You can make the Qualifier a bit harder by asking her open-ended questions about herself such as “so,
what’s your story?” or “so who are you?” or “and you are…?” When she starts to talk, use clarifying
questions and your own anecdotes to guide her into revealing positive qualities. I prefer these types of
Qualifiers for a couple of reasons. First, you can find out a lot more about someone than if you direct
the conversation to a specific topic, like one of the topics listed above. Second, this approach requires
her to think. If I’m interested in a woman, I don’t want her to get through the Qualification phase with
responses that she might be able to give off the top of her head. The extra investment on her part
strengthens her connection to me.


The hardest Qualifiers risk coming across as arrogant or socially awkward. However, they can be
useful when you feel a woman is interested in you but needs to work harder. This could happen if, for
example, I meet a very physically attractive woman at a trendy nightclub who is excitable and in
“party mode.” I would assume that a woman with her looks, personality and social habits meets and
flirts with a lot of men. One way to make sure I stand out (especially if we’re not going to leave
together and I’ll have to follow up with a phone call) is to get her deeply invested in the process of
qualifying herself.


Here are a couple of very hard Qualifiers:


          • So what do you have going for you?
