7. Next Qualifier
Pulling Back


What does pulling back mean? Too many compliments can make her feel uncomfortable, lessen her
feeling that you’re a challenge, or put her back into the frame that she is screening you. A pullback
cuts the compliment off and changes the frame of the conversation away from you expressing interest
in her.


Pullbacks should be light and playful. Your pullback should never imply anything seriously negative
about her, though it can include some mildly dismissive body language (e.g., turning slightly away).
Most of the time they start with “too bad you are” followed by some childlike teasing. “Too bad
you’re such a dork” is a classic. I also like to use characteristics that are true but can’t possibly be
reasons why I wouldn’t be interested in her. For example:


         • Too bad you come to [wherever you both are].


         • Too bad about our age difference [if we’re about the same age].


         • Too bad you are [astrological sign].


         • Too bad I don’t like you [smiling and playful tonality are especially important here].


When she has done enough work to win you over, let her know. Give her an overall compliment, as
opposed to one based on one specific element of her personality. Or just come out and tell her you are
interested in her or curious about her. Make such a statement consistent with how you’ve been
interacting with her up until this point. For example, if you’ve previously been teasing her, such a
statement could be: “you know, I wasn’t really sure about you when I first met you, but we’ve got a lot
in common. Cool.” Or the simpler “you are amazing.” Now you’re in the Comfort phase.


Sample one-subject qualification

I have deliberately made the woman in this example more difficult than most, to help illustrate the
process. Anything in square brackets [like this] represents things that I wouldn’t actually say, but can
help guide you through my thought process. Assume that I have already Approached, Transitioned,
and Attracted this woman.
