Me: So, what’s your story?


Her: What do you mean?


         Me: Tell me about yourself. [Sometimes, “what’s your story” doesn’t work. No big deal.
         Just rephrase it. You could also say “What do you do for fun?” if you sense that she’s not
         willing or able to deal with unstructured questions. Or go to a softer Qualifier.]

         Her: Well, I’m a photographer, I like to dance, I work in a gallery… [None of these three
         things seem to lead easily to anything that I am attracted to. So I will use her interest in
         photography to explore other aspects of her personality.]

         Me: Photography. Really? You don’t seem like someone who would be interested in
         photography… that’s cool... I like taking pictures because I travel so much. I have a couple
         of shots that I took when I was camping and whitewater rafting in Colorado last year that
         make me really happy when I look at them. [I’ve given her a hint of a reward by saying
         “that’s cool.” On the other hand, since I don’t actually care about hotography, I’ve given her
         four potential conversation-starters here: travel, Colorado, camping, and whitewater rafting.
         If she is interested in any of these, then we have something in common that is important to
         me, and this could give me one reason to be interested in her. If she ignores all four of these
         and sticks with photography, then at least I’m talking about how photography makes me feel
         as opposed to the technical details. Feelings are always better than facts for making a
         connection. Notice, by the way, that I’m still throwing DHVs into the conversation where
         appropriate in order to maintain attraction levels, even after the Attraction phase is over.]

         Her: Yeah, I have one from this trip to New York that I really love; it’s of the sun setting
         behind the Empire State Building. [It looks like we might have a mutual interest in travel.]
