What is Comfort?


You enter the Comfort phase as soon as you finish the Qualification phase. This is where you usually:


         • Build an emotional connection and get to know each other.


         • Tone down any dismissive attitude from previous phases.


         • Solidify and sustain attraction and qualification levels.


         • Increase physical intimacy (touching) with appropriate pacing: neither too fast or too slow.


         • Get her phone number and go on dates if appropriate.


         • Manage the whole process so that she feels genuinely comfortable being in a sexual
         situation with you.


The last of these – comfort in a sexual situation – represents the end point of the Comfort phase. A
sexual situation is one in which a woman is engaging in sexual behavior (touching that goes beyond
kissing) in a place where sex could realistically happen. When you have established that level of
comfort together, you have finished Comfort and entered Seduction. (Just in case there is any
confusion – this is not to imply that you should stop making her feel comfortable when in Seduction
or that the only purpose of building comfort is to get her ready for sex).


While some women can reach this level of comfort quite easily, given the right man and the right
situation, most women present more of a challenge. Indeed, some follow “rules” like the Third Date
Rule or the One Month Rule to govern their sexual behavior. A woman who follows such rules will be
less likely to make a sexual decision “in the moment” that she may later regret. Sleeping with too
many people, or sleeping with someone “too early” carries greater consequences for women than for
men. We examine the impact of these consequences in the following chapter, on Seduction.


The good news about these rules is that you do not need to directly challenge them. All you have to do
is solve the underlying comfort issues. Your interest is to move quickly through the Comfort phase
because there are many variables in a woman’s life that you cannot control. Women become busy or
meet other men all the time. The more comfort you have built in the time available to you, the greater
the chance that she will see you as a priority in her life and see you again. If you moved too slowly,
you may get lost in the shuffle.
