Comfort and Group Dynamics in the First Meeting


Solving the first of these challenges generally requires you to create a situation whereby you can have
a private conversation with her, away from her friends. This is not a cultish attempt to deprive her of
her peer network; such a conversation will be temporary and usually where her friends can see you. It
is simply a mechanism for getting to know each other on the kind of personal level that is much more
difficult if other people are present.


The easiest way to engender a private conversation is to start slowly, and only move her a few feet
away. For example, you might motion for her to move slightly to the side as if you wanted to show her
something or she were in someone else’s way. Then you might move between her and her group. Now
you’re in a private conversation. You can accomplish the same thing by slowly moving in a certain
direction during your conversation and motioning for her to follow you.


When you want to move her further away, for example to an empty table, it’s important to have a
pretext. Saying “let’s talk in private” can feel socially awkward and almost sinister, as well as
unnecessarily exclusionary to her group. The actual pretext is not very important, and there are
thousands of possibilities, such as:


          • Going inside or outside where it is cooler or warmer.


          • Going somewhere quieter so you can hear each other.


          • Going where you can show her some pictures from your camera.


          • Going to meet your friends.


          • Going where you can tell her a long and involved story.


          • Going over to the bar to get a drink.


Obviously, not all of these will be appropriate in every situation.


Don’t try to move her too far from her friends, at least at first, as this might make her feel
uncomfortable. Her friends will want to make sure that she is safe and that she is having a good time.
Make the first move to somewhere where her friends can see her. Later, you can move her to
somewhere more private, for example to kiss her (see Chapter 19).
