Alternatives to Isolation


Most men who are experts with women, including most Love Systems instructors, actively try to
create the circumstances for private conversations. They are very successful at doing so and enjoy
excellent results. While I also do this, I also let these conversations come about naturally or induce
them subtly, and have developed a series of techniques to make this happen.


One of my good friends suggests that I call it the lazy method. It’s true. I’m quite lazy sometimes. I
still have a $50 coupon to The Gap from a year ago that I’m too lazy to go to the mall and use. (Plus, I
hate their clothes.) Starting private conversations takes work, and managing them takes work too. I
like meeting lots of people, especially when I can just hang out. When I go out, I’ll see Love Systems’
instructors like Braddock, Cajun, The Don, Sheriff, Mr. M, or Tenmagnet in various parts of a bar,
making out with various beautiful women and it’s great to see. I’m usually in the same group the
whole night. We all usually end up going home or making plans with beautiful women at the end of
the night, but I like my way because it’s a lot less work. So, yes, I can be lazy. Now I’ve admitted it to
the world.


One caveat: while this works for me and a small number of others, it has not been tested by large
numbers of people in different situations. This is in contrast to the strategies to actively create private
conversations from the previous section. Treat this approach as experimental. If you are curious to try
something new, go for it and let me know how it works. If not, our standard methodology will serve
you very well. As always, no one single theory is a magic bullet for success with women, which is why
we present multiple options in situations like these.


In one sentence:


          This approach relies on winning the approval of a woman’s group to create opportunities
          for spontaneous isolation and for deep comfort-building even within a group setting.
Peer Group Approval


Winning the approval of her group (neutrality can be enough to make this approach work, but peer
group approval is what allows it to be so powerful) does not happen by chance. I pro-actively find
ways to bring value to her friends, through such things as making them laugh, talking about their areas
of interest and expertise, or implying that I will introduce them to people they would like to meet. For
example, to a single man in a group, I might talk about a female friend who might be joining me later
who I’d love to introduce him to, because he seems “cool” based on specific qualities, which I
mention, that I’ve noticed about him. You can nearly always bond with men over sports, cars, or
certain television shows or movies. You can bond with most women over popular culture, fashion,
celebrity gossip, or by using a toned-down version of the techniques from earlier chapters of this
book.
