Once there is mutual attraction and some comfort with a woman I’m interested in, I usually look for
an opportunity to state my interest in her to her friends. I don’t want to do this right in front of her, so
I’ll wait until she goes to the restroom or to get a drink or is otherwise removed from the
conversation. I will usually say something like “So tell me about [woman’s name]?” or “[Woman’s
name] seems pretty interesting; what’s the catch?” This makes my interest in her unambiguous.


What happens next is very important. If her friends tell me good things about her, it is as if they are
encouraging me to pursue her. By doing so in a conversation in which she is not present, they become
somewhat complicit in the developing courtship, as long as she remains interested in me. It would not
be psychologically consistent to see their friend interested in me, to encourage me to pursue her by
telling me good things about her, and then discourage us from getting to know each other later.


The downside risk of making my interest explicit to her friends at this stage is very small. By the time
I am in Comfort, her friends will know that I am interested in her anyway. I am also sure to find out
how they all know each other early on in the interaction, to be able to assess the situation. If people in
her group do object to my interest and I have somehow not noticed this up to this point, then I would
rather learn about this sooner than later. Perhaps one of her friends objects to me on grounds that I can
deal with (e.g., “no, that wasn’t me kissing the brunette by the bar”), in which case it’s better to
address the issue than to leave him as an unknown but hostile element within the group. Or, if I can’t
deal with a friend’s objections – usually a frustrated orbiter who wants her for himself – at least I
know about them and can plan my strategy for the rest of the night accordingly. Usually, however, a
single woman’s friends will be encouraging. Obviously, this will not work if the woman is not single
(unless her friends don’t care). I tend to focus on single women, but if you don’t feel this way, you’re
better off trying to create private conversations… and get a bodyguard.
Spontaneous Isolation


Social groups do not usually stay perfectly still over the course of the night. People go the bathroom,
they get drinks, they dance, they look for their friends, they get more drinks, they go to have a
cigarette, and they do dozens of other things that entail moving. (Not everyone is as lazy as I am.) Any
time this happens is an opportunity for me to be in isolation with the woman I’m interested in, since
she will always have a choice between going with her friends and waiting for them to come back.


Her friends’ approval of me is important because it will govern how they frame this choice. If they
don’t like me, they won’t make the situation sound like a choice at all. For example, they may say
“Come on, we need a drink, let’s go.” Of course, she still has a choice, and women can and do tell
their friends in these situations to go ahead without them and that they will wait for them to come
back, but this is awkward and requires a woman to be deeply attracted and to have a strong
personality.


In contrast, if her friends do like me, they may instead say something like “we’re going to get a drink,
