do you want to come or do you want to wait for us here?” or even “we’re going to get a drink, do you
want anything?” They may also do this even if they are neutral toward me, but she has already
indicated to them that she is interested in me, either explicitly or through focusing the conversation on
her and me. One caveat: if a woman appears to be all over a man, especially if she’s drunk, her friends
may not want to leave her alone with him.
Deep Comfort in a group setting


Even if her friends don’t or can’t leave her, this should not hold me back. Once I already have some
comfort with her and have befriended her friends, my favorite position in which to advance the
relationship in a group setting is to have my arm around her or have her curled into me (depending on
everyone’s comfort level), while I primarily address conversation to her friends. I can still focus the
conversation on comfort-building topics and allow her to get to know me; after all, she will still be
listening and interjecting. In this situation, I build comfort both by what I am saying and by
demonstrating that I get along with her friends and that they approve of me.


Of course, this scenario does not provide obvious opportunities to allow her to “open up” to me in
intimate personal conversation if her friends are all listening. However, conversations in groups of
four or more people tend to ebb and flow, sometimes breaking apart into several side conversations
and sometimes coming together to one conversation in which everyone participates. At some point
there will be an opportunity for me to have a private conversation with her when her friends are all
talking to each other. It is a rare circumstance in which her friends never leave, even temporarily, and
never allow a side conversation. If this happens, and I am alone and I need a private conversation with
her, then I will get over my laziness and induce one.


Usually, of course, I will have friends with me who can help. Or on Love Systems’ workshops, I will
have some of the top men in the world: men like The Don, Sheriff, Tenmagnet, Mr. M, Braddock, and
others. They can easily engage her friends, and I do the same for them.


If I don’t happen to have friends available to help, and opportunities for an intimate conversation
aren’t coming with this as quickly as I would like, and for whatever reason I don’t want to try to
induce a private conversation, then I can improvise with some more advanced tactics, such as
involving her friends in conversation with nearby attractive people of the opposite sex.


For example, let’s say I approached, transitioned, attracted, and qualified a woman who is at a
restaurant with two male friends. During Comfort, we might all be sitting together. As soon as I see
two attractive women nearby, I will shift the conversation to an opinion opener. I won’t run it as an
opener, of course, but I will bring up the topic and create discussion. Within 30-60 seconds, I can then
say “let’s get another opinion” and engage the two women in this conversation. From that point, it’s
simply a matter of leading the group to a normal conversation, with no need to create attraction, and
gradually letting the two men take over. If they have chemistry, the large group conversation should
then break into many smaller conversations. At this point, the woman I’m interested in will be
impressed with my Social Intuition and her friends will love me for setting them up. Moreover, they
