Quick Comfort


Whichever approach you use to deal with a woman’s group dynamics, some comfort-building
activities require more time or different logistics than you are likely to have the first time you meet
someone. For example, it may be midnight and you, your friends, and her friends are all at the
restaurant where you met a few hours ago. The two of you are not likely to run off and shop together
for a picnic in the park, no matter how much comfort this would build.


Therefore, it is highly advisable to modify comfort-building techniques and dating ideas to first-
meeting situations. Here are some of my favorites:


         • Get to another venue (even if you take all her friends). You instantly go from being “the
         guy I met at Restaurant X” to “the guy we are hanging out with.” If you met her and her
         group at a coffee shop, you can invite them to the mall, or to dinner. If you met at a
         restaurant, you can go to a bar for a drink or to a dessert place. If you met at a bar or
         nightclub, you can go to a different bar or nightclub, or to a late-night restaurant, or to an
         after-party. Oversell where you are going, but make sure it’s at least moderately fun. Have a
         positive reason for going somewhere. Also, make it seem like somewhere you are going
         anyway. Combining all three of these elements could make such an invitation sound like
         this: “Hey, we were just on our way to Café Gideon, they have the best music and the best
         drinks ever… have you ever been? No? You HAVE to go. Anyway, some of my very good
         friends are there, really great people. I’d love to introduce you. You guys should come along
         for a little bit and check it out.” Then act like they said yes, continue the conversation
         normally, and get ready to go there.


         • Use specific conversational tactics to direct the conversation toward personal intimacy and
         secrets, as you may not have enough one-on-one time to get there for the conversation to get
         there naturally. I recommend using the technique known as the question game. Performed
         only in isolation other people can be there, as in the Whole Group Method, but they can’t be
         listening, the point is to ask each other questions, back and forth, about very personal
         subjects.


         • This clearly will lead to sharing secrets, learning about each other, and heightening the
         sexual element of your conversation; however, it will usually sound contrived to most
         women. Thus, we present it as a “game” with somewhat arbitrary rules such as “you can
         only ask questions in ten words or less” or “you can’t ask questions that have already been
         asked.” I also do not let a woman ask questions – at least initially – questions such as “how
         many brothers do you have” or “what is your favorite food?” There is no point playing a
         game to share this sort of information; it can be done in the presence of a larger group. I
         prefer to set the tone for these sorts of games with very personal questions such as “have you
         ever kissed your friend’s boyfriend?”; “what were you like in high school?”; or “what’s the
         one thing you’d least want your parents to know about you?”. Check out the Love Systems
