Routines Manual under:
[www.LoveSystems.com/Routines] for a fuller treatment of the question game and similar
routines.


The question game provides a great opportunity to kiss her. See Chapter 19.


• Future plans can build comfort. These are often kept vague. When you and a woman realize
you have an interest in common, you can suggest specific plans but without necessarily
including a specific timeframe or making firm plans. For example, if you and she have a
shared interest in art museums, you can say “oh, we should go check out the Cezanne exhibit
at the National Gallery.” You can add “next weekend” onto the end of this, but don’t try to
turn it into a date, unless she does. If you create a few future plans like this, she may start to
think of you as a potential continuing presence in her life. You can also frame future plans
as activities you are going to do anyway. For example: “I’m going to check out the Cezanne
exhibit at the National Gallery next weekend; you’re welcome to come along.” This places
you more in the role of the leader, and is useful for Breakthrough Comfort (see below).
However, you will have to deal with small hurdles if she does want to join you, since you
will have to bring your friends or she may wonder why they cancelled on you and whether
you really did have plans to do something like you said. If you say that you planned to go
alone, this might also appear odd. These hurdles are all extremely minor and solvable; I list
them here only so you can keep them in mind.


• Future projections are closely related to this. Future projections are related to future plans
but with a time shift. Instead of talking about what you will do together, you talk about what
you will have done. For example, you could talk about what you and she will do after you
have spent the next six months seeing every gallery in the city. Describe the emotions and
events that you both will encounter on this journey – all in a somewhat playful and not
serious tone, but in the past tense, so she imagines knowing you for six months and having
these adventures with you. Imagining herself being closer to you at some point in the future
will often make her feel closer to you in the present moment.


• You can also build comfort through the use of conspiracy and inside jokes. Giving her a
nickname early on in the Attraction phase, and then calling it back can build comfort. As can
making comments about other people outside of her group in the bar or club. Anything you
can do to establish an “us vs. the world” dynamic is massively helpful.
