Breakthrough Comfort


Breakthrough Comfort describes the advanced comfort-building processes first publicized by former
Love Systems’ instructors Sinn and Future in January 2007. Start by mastering the techniques from
the Basic Comfort List above, as well as learning to smoothly get phone numbers, practice phone
game, and go on dates (see Chapter 22). When you’re enjoying consistent success, try some of the
elements of Breakthrough Comfort for major acceleration:


         • Show your passion and purpose. You must be able to convey to her convincingly that you
         are a man of a greater purpose. Set the frame that you are going places where she will want
         to be and that you are driven to pursue your life goals and do so without any hesitation. Be
         specific as to what you want your life to be defined by and what you are doing to accomplish
         it.


         • See her passion and purpose. Most women have a purpose that they secretly strive to
         achieve. Learn what it is. You need this to compliment her deeply and to relate your worlds
         to each other (the following two elements). You must be able to find out her core value, the
         reason that she is pursuing the life path she is on.


         • Compliment deeply... then release. Use your knowledge of her passion and purpose to
         compliment her intensely on her qualities that will help her achieve them. This
         communicates that you see her as the woman that the little girl inside her yearns to be. Add
         small (I stress small) releases at the end to avoid deep compliments from “hanging” in the
         conversation and creating potential awkwardness. For example: “You are absolutely
         amazing and whatever you want to be I can see you doing that because of X, Y, and Z. Too
         bad you’re a bit of a dork.” The release is there to avoid awkwardness, but it is small enough
         that you do not take away her validation from the compliment.


         • Relate your worlds to each other, and to the greatness of your passion and purpose. You
         want her to have the feeling that both of you are bound for greatness and are on the same
         general path, even if in different fields. You just happen to be further along, but can nudge
         her in the right direction, in the same way as someone did for you earlier.


         • Make your vague plans real. In Breakthrough Comfort, your credibility is both crucial and
         extremely sensitive. Use the alternative approach to future plans – where you say that you
         are going to do something, and she can come along. In Breakthrough Comfort, you must
         ensure that these plans must actually happen when you say that they will (at least for you, if
         the woman in question does not join you) in order to support your credibility in other
         elements of your interaction with her. This extends to the things you are doing without her.
