Why women (sometimes) resist sex


The good news here is that Seduction is not usually where most men have their biggest problems. If
you’ve done a good job in Attraction, Qualification, and Comfort and you’re not in a rush, then you
will usually succeed at this one eventually. Women want and enjoy sex as much as men. Sexual
                                                                                              6
arousal (as opposed to sexual decision-making) happens as quickly for women as it does for men .


The bad news is that, from a logical perspective, she probably shouldn’t have sex with you. Nothing
personal, but you’re a new man. Sex with someone new might make her feel that she is easy or make
her emotionally vulnerable or scare her that things are moving too far in case you’re not right for her.
She also risks your losing interest because she let things move too fast, or your telling her friends. All
of this comes in addition to risking pregnancy or disease.


It can be difficult for a woman to admit, even to herself, that she wants to add a new name to the list
of men she’s slept with. Society tends to be pretty judgmental about female sexual behavior and few
women want to be thought of – by themselves or others – as “easy” or a “slut” or “whore.” This isn’t
something easy for men to relate to. There are no male equivalents for these words or for the societal
judgments that give them such power. Yes, some women are very comfortable and confident with
their sexuality and sexual decision-making. These women are often great catches, but are not the
majority.


The Seduction phase is a woman’s last chance to “speak now or forever hold her peace.” There are two
consequences to this. First, lingering issues from previous phases will often surface here. For
example, if you’re in bed with her and she asks “Why do you like me?” or “Am I just another girl to
you?” it may mean that you did an incomplete job of guiding her through the necessary emotions for
her to feel special to you. Likely, you didn’t give her the feeling that she won your interest through
unique aspects of her personality in the Qualification phase and/or you did not connect deeply with her
in the Comfort phase. You can fix some of these kinds of issues when in Seduction, but it’s not ideal
to have to do so. Second, your margin for error is smaller. A woman may give you a “free pass” with a
bad Opener, because all she risks is that you’ll bore her for a couple of minutes in a Transition or in
Attraction. She’s not going to give you a free pass in Seduction, where the stakes are higher.


Alright, enough talking about seduction. Let’s go over how to do it.
