Pacing

Make the journey feel natural.


A good analogy for Seduction done properly is being on a car trip where you were enjoying the ride
and talking to your friend in the driver’s seat, and weren’t consciously thinking about being on a
journey until you arrived at your destination. This is how Seduction should feel for a woman.


The key element here is to avoid jarring interruptions. If the driver had stopped to ask for directions,
appeared nervous about the trip, started acting differently all of sudden, drove too fast or too slow, or
did anything dangerous, you would fall out of your comfort zone. Your mental pattern switches from
enjoying your friend’s company to focusing on the journey. You’ll start thinking about what is going
on, and how, and why.


This is not helpful for you because it tends to focus a woman’s logical mind on whether she should
have sex. As we just saw in the previous section, there are many reasons for her to say no. In addition,
many women find it a turnoff to have to actively participate in their own seduction. Consider romance
novels, which are pretty much entirely directed at women. He wants her, she’s reluctant, he wants her
more, she accedes, and then finally they couple up in a fit of passion. He takes 100% of the
responsibility for leading her to sex in a way that is exciting and comfortable for her.


In a sexual context, we use the term “state break” to describe the jarring interruptions that force a
woman to logically and consciously address whether she is on the road to having sex with you.
Examples of state breaks include: coming home with you, taking off clothes or talking about sex, or
getting a condom.


Our best tools to deal with state breaks are avoidance, blurring, and distraction. This leads us to the
“ABD model of seduction.”


Avoidance bypasses the state break altogether. In the driving analogy, planning your route to avoid
red lights or adjusting your speed so that the light isn’t red by the time you hit the intersection are
examples of avoidance.


Blurring reduces the intensity of the state break. You minimize the state break by mixing the old,
comfortable activity with the new, potential uncomfortable, activity. For a red light, this means
putting on the breaks to come to a very gradual stop at the intersection instead of slamming them at
the last second.


Distraction does not attempt to mitigate the state break but introduces something new that is an even
stronger stimulus so she focuses on that instead. For example, if you turn up the volume on her
