favorite song playing on the radio or point out a celebrity in the next lane, this may distract her from
the state break of hitting the red light.




As a final note in this section, I want to be clear that when I talk about minimizing jarring
interruptions that force her to engage her logical mind, this is not the same as hypnotizing or
befuddling her so she’s not capable of making a rational decision. Sex has to be consensual, and that
consent has to be meaningful.


Let’s proceed with some examples on how to use avoidance, blurring, and distraction to deal with
major state breaks in Seduction:
State Break #1: Bringing her home
Avoidance: Don’t get sexual until you get home. There is no point. In fact, if you try to arouse her
before you try to get her to your house, she will know what your agenda is. You may not even get
another date if she thinks that a successful date with you has to end in sex.


Avoidance: Plan to do activities in or near your house. It’s much easier to get into Seduction if the two
of you are already in your living room or around the corner than if you’re in two separate cars at the
other end of town. This is a great strategy for dates (Chapter 16).


Avoidance: Don’t ask her if she’d like to come home with you. Lead her home. Hold her hand and
walk her to your car. Don’t ask; assume that she’s getting in. Don’t volunteer that you’re taking her
home.


Avoidance: Make her comfortable being in your house well before you’re in the Seduction phase. If
she’s learned that she’s safe and can have fun in private with you during Comfort without your trying
to sleep with her, taking her home in the future will be less likely to induce a state break.


Blurring: Bring her home for a reason other than to have sex with her. Saying to a woman “would you
like to come back to my house” will often be interpreted as an invitation to have sex. You can blur this
a bit by inviting her home to check out your photographs, or to lend her a book, or whatever. You can
blur it even more by being out with her in your neighborhood and leading her to your house “for a
second” while you get your wallet or use the bathroom.


Distraction: Say you are leaving a party with a woman. You each live 20 minutes away, in opposite
directions. Bringing her home will be a state break that is tough to avoid or blur. So distract her. Use
avoidance or blurring to get her into your car and then don’t stop talking. Tell her interesting stories to
engage her logical mind so she’s not left alone with her thoughts. You can go through extended
monologues to entertain and distract women’s logical mind at moments that would otherwise be sure
