to cause a state break, like waiting in line to check into a hotel.
State Break #2: Moving her to the bedroom


Avoidance: Use your living room couch the first time you have sex with her, or at least until she is
sufficiently aroused (distraction) that the state break doesn’t hurt you. Or put something non-sexual
and interesting to do in the bedroom so it’s not a state break to be in there and so you won’t have to
move her later.
Blurring: Same idea as in the “bringing her home” state break above.


Distraction: Arousal is a good all-purpose distraction. Most people will ignore some of the less
important interruptions from their logical brains if they are turned on enough. Picking a woman up
and carrying her into the bedroom is another distraction technique, and may arouse her at the same
time.
State Break #3: Removing clothes
Avoidance: Don’t remove anything that isn’t necessary. If she’s wearing a skirt, you don’t need to
remove anything at all. This causes fewer state breaks. If you enjoy the process of undressing a
woman, save it for the second time you sleep with her if you anticipate any resistance the first time.


Blurring: Don’t suddenly move from one sexual activity to another. Say you’re touching her breasts
and she’s comfortable with that but not with you touching her genitals. Don’t suddenly shift all of
your attention from above to below her waist. Keep touching her breasts but also touch closer and
closer to her genitals without stopping what you are doing with her chest. As long as she remains
comfortable, you can steadily intensify your sexual touching this way.


Distraction: Once you’re home, distraction is usually physical. An excellent time to remove clothes is
when she is getting a lot of physical pleasure from you, by doing anything from kissing her neck to
oral sex.


Bonus: This doesn’t really fit in any of the three categories, but I’m not going to hide good
information to make the model seem more elegant. Every man knows – or should know – that when
you remove a woman’s skirt or pants, take her underwear off at the same time in the same motion
(i.e., grab both). If you leave her underwear on, taking it off later is a major state break.
State Break #4: Condoms
Avoidance: Uh, no. It’s not that uncommon for a woman to be completely willing to have unprotected
sex with you while aroused and “in the moment” but to have a state break triggered by your getting a
condom. You don’t need a safe sex warning, but it’s amazing how many guys will skip the condom to
avoid the state break. Plan for this scenario, and Blur or Distract instead (see below).
