Logistics


No matter how good you are at avoiding state breaks, bad logistics can kill your chances:


         • Use your house instead of hers for the first time you have sex with someone. A woman’s
         bedroom is full of state breaks waiting to happen. Roommates or family could be at home
         and break her mood. Her pet could be sick. She could have left her bedroom in a mess and be
         too embarrassed to show it to you. Neighbors could drop by. In addition, she’s reminded
         more of her daily routine – how much sleep she needs, what she needs to do the next day,
         etc. You sometimes lose the romantic or party atmosphere at a woman’s house.


         • Make sure our house is set up for seduction. At a bare minimum, it should be clean,
         especially the bathroom. Not necessarily spotless, but clean enough for a woman to be
         comfortable. Have fun things to do if you still need to build comfort. Interactive fun is better
         than cool DVDs. Use fun truth-or-dare-type games, an easy 3D jigsaw puzzle, whatever.


         • The living room (or wherever you plan to bring her first) should be laid out so there is no
         obvious way for you both to sit down except side-by-side together on a couch. If you have
         chairs, pile stuff on them or get rid of them before she comes over so she can’t sit there.


         • Some romance and implied sexuality never hurt. Have champagne, strawberries, and
         whipped cream around. Don’t turn into some nightmarish sleazy gigolo with them, but
         realize you have them and can break them out when needed. Be fun, not seductive.


         • Ensure that your house reflects and supports your identity. If you’ve been communicating
         that you are creative and imaginative, but your house is undecorated and full of piles of
         video games, she’ll wonder if you’re just an act. I don’t need to tell you that that’s a bad
         thing for her to be thinking about when she’s trying to decide whether to have sex with you.


         • Remove elements of your décor that a woman would find particularly offensive. Most
         women aren’t impressed with public displays of pornography or graphic violence.


         • Alcohol can build comfort and also let a woman feel less responsible (“I can justify this to
         myself because I’m drunk and it just happened, even though in reality I only had two
         drinks”). Have drinks at home that women like. Many women prefer wine to beer, shooters
         to shots, vodka to rum, and sweet mixers to bitter ones. Learn the basic differences between
         wines. You don’t need to know specific vineyards or brands, but you should know the basic
         types of wine (beyond red vs. white) and the difference between good and bad wine. Learn
         how to make drinks women order when they are having fun. Cosmopolitans and Margaritas
         are good places to start. And you’ll never go wrong with champagne (which need not be
