Reassurance


Women will often object to increasing sexual contact. Sometimes they want you to stop. Sometimes
they want you to slow down. Sometimes they want you to ignore their objections. Sometimes they
want to increase the sexual tension. Sometimes they don’t know what they want but their instinctive
reaction, for reasons we’ve already explored in this chapter, is to say no.


Guess what? It doesn’t really matter what she wants.


“Stop” means stop. “No” means no. You can try again later or you can try something else, but you
can’t barrel through. You can’t know for sure what’s in her head. Even if you could, you can’t know
what she’s going to do the next day. Maybe she has fantasies of being overpowered – not that rare,
really – and enjoys having sex despite objecting verbally. Then she kisses you goodbye, goes home,
and feels badly about herself and wishes she hadn’t had sex. She tells her roommate. It comes out that
she did tell you no and you ignored it. Her roommate makes her feel better by telling her that if she
tried to say no, what happened wasn’t really her fault. The word “rape” comes up. The police get
involved. Welcome to hell.


The skillset you will have from mastering the material in this book will lead you to have many
options, so it’s okay if not all of them pan out, or if you have to see her again before she’s ready.


OK, now that we’ve got that out of the way, let’s look at how to handle objections, token or otherwise,
in a way that makes her feel comfortable and is safe.
Token objections
The first consideration is verbal. “No,” “stop,” and “I don’t want to do this” are pretty unambiguous.
Women who want to make token objections will often say things like “we shouldn’t be doing this.” A
good response to this is to agree with her. Respond with “Yes we shouldn’t be doing this... and we
definitely shouldn’t be doing THIS... you are so bad.” Now you’ve changed the frame from her
resisting you to the two of you sharing a conspiracy over doing something you shouldn’t be doing, or
possibly her trying to seduce you. If she says it again, about the same activity (“No, really, we
shouldn’t be doing this”), that’s a no and you have to stop.


Another example of a token objection comes if you take her home and she says “I’m not going to have
sex with you.” Don’t engage this. You’re not going to argue her into committing to having sex with
you before you get home. There’s especially no reason to argue with her, as sex isn’t an imminent
option at that point. By the time you and she are on your bed, she might have changed her mind. So
either ignore the comment or tease her for being presumptuous. If you argue with her, you risk letting
her get locked into a mental position that she’s not going to have sex that night: a position she may
feel bound to be consistent with later. There’s a more advanced tactic of playfully pretending to
misinterpret what she is saying as arguing over what kind of you sex you will be having, but this
