should be reserved for when your skills are very advanced.


If she says “no” and you sense that she doesn’t mean it, tell her that, to you, no has to mean no. Don’t
make it a lecture, just a quick statement and then move back to what you were doing before she said
no. Even if you know for sure that she doesn’t mean “no,” reread the paragraph above that ended with
“welcome to hell.” If she’s really insistent on having you ignore her when she says no, she’ll know
what a safeword is and how to use it. If you don’t know what a safeword is, you’re not ready for this
kind of situation.
Persistence
She may want you to be persistent, for the same reason that she gave you token objections: she doesn’t
want to feel easy or for you to think she’s easy. When you reach something that she objects to (say,
taking off her shirt), go back a step to something she is comfortable with (like touching her breasts
with her shirt on) and try again in a few minutes.
Levels of intimacy
It’s not only up to the woman to set limits on how far the two of you will go. Traditionally, the man
wants sex and will take it if the woman gives it to him, but if she sets a lower limit (like no touching
below the waist) he’ll take as much as he can get up to that limit. This essentially means that a woman
sets the level of intimacy, and that level will be at the upper limit of her comfort zone.


However, it doesn’t have to work this way. You can’t insist on sex if she isn’t willing, but you don’t
have to accept her chosen substitute. She may want to lie in bed with you and kiss all night. You may
want sex. Neither of you is obligated to give the other what they want. Explain to her, without any
resentment, that lying in bed with her all night kissing will make you aroused and frustrated and you’d
prefer to wait until she’s more comfortable with you. Come across as confident and understanding.
You have experience with women and you’re not going to rush her into something she doesn’t want.
On the other hand, you’re not desperate for sex. The key here is to show absolutely no resentment or
annoyance. She will be looking for it. Don’t tell her it’s all or nothing because she may feel
manipulated.
Don’t press her to agree to anything verbally, but see what happens when you start sexual touching
again. She may let you past her previous resistance point. If she objects again you may need to take a
break.
Breaks
Here we use the word “break” to mean pauses during an activity, not to mean state breaks. When you
reach a point that she doesn’t want to cross, and persistence didn’t work, then stop. Say “I understand”
with not even the slightest hint of disappointment or annoyance and remove the romantic/sexual
frame. Candles, incense, dim lights, mood music – all gone. You’re not punishing her, you’re just
doing something else. After all, you like her and you enjoy her company. Let her know this. Then do
something else – ideally something boring. Check your email. Play “go fish” with a deck of cards. She
will likely re-initiate physical/sexual contact (if she doesn’t, do it yourself in a few minutes). When
she does, re-establish the mood with what candles, incense, lights, music, or whatever you were using
to begin with. Then proceed slowly to the resistance point, taking your time. If you hit it, or any other
