Direct Game
Even though I wrote every word of this book myself, Love Systems is not just about me. We have a team
of the top 10-20 dating coaches around the globe who are among the world’s most knowledgeable and
successful men in terms of succeeding with women and teaching those skills to others.
For this chapter, I wanted to introduce readers to one of our London-based instructors who goes by
the name of Soul. If you met him, you’d never think he was a Love Systems instructor. He’s short, not
especially good looking, and his ethnicity (South Asian) is not necessarily an advantage when dealing
with many women. But, he’s one of the world’s best dating gurus and instructors, and is living proof
that the Love Systems approach can work – and produce amazing results – for everyone. It is a
privilege to present his thoughts on “Direct Game,” one of the most powerful tools in our arsenal.
Direct game involves making your intentions known in the initial approach, which conveys a very
strong masculine identity. This, in turn, is extremely attractive to women. Over to Soul:


One of the threads running through the chapters on the Emotional Progression Model is that you can
vary how “direct” you want to be with a woman. Directness refers to making your romantic/sexual
intentions explicit as opposed to implied. The difference between approaches is most noticeable in the
early phases (Approaching through Attraction) of the Model.


There are a couple of common misconceptions about direct game that I want to clear up before we go
any further. First, direct vs. indirect is a continuum, not an either/or. A strategy can be extremely
direct, somewhat direct, slightly indirect, and so on. The range of openers ranked along the risk/
reward scale in Chapter 5 (Approaching) illustrate this.


Second, “explicit” does not mean “sexually graphic”. It just means being open about your romantic
and/or sexual interest in her. Similarly, “implied” does not mean “unknown”. Your interest in each
other should be mutually understood at the latest when you’re in the Qualification phase anyway.


As explained in Chapter on Approaching, “direct” strategies tend to be higher-risk and higher-reward
than more “indirect” tactics. If you go up to ten women and say, “You’re gorgeous,” you’re likely to
get into fewer conversations than you would if you used an Indirect Opener. However, those women
that do respond well to your opener are much more likely to go on dates with you.


When I first experimented with Direct Game, it was exhilarating, but the challenge was making it
work consistently. Years later, I have discovered the underlying foundations of successful Direct
Game, to the point where it leads to sexual relationships regularly and frequently. It’s a large subject,
and one that Love Systems treats in detail in special one-day seminars as well as in other products, but
Savoy asked me to contribute some of my experience as a bonus for Magic Bullets, so here goes.


First, let me say that there is no single magic strategy that works on every woman. Learning different
skill sets and experimenting with different styles is what ultimately improves your overall ability to
build relationships with women. Direct and Indirect are two great examples of this: they are opposite
