ends of a spectrum and yet both can be spectacularly powerful. I recommend you experiment with
both extremes as well as different points along the continuum to see which work best for you. In the
long-term, you will maximize your potential by being able to adapt your technique for the specific
situation at hand.


As for direct game specifically, start with these 10 steps to direct game success:


          7. Build up your pre-approach value. Direct game forces a woman to make a snap decision
          on whether she is attracted to you enough to have a conversation with you, therefore you
          need to start from the highest baseline of value as you can. This means looking your
          absolute best (Chapter 20 on fashion), having strong non-verbal communication (Chapter
          17), and flipping as many of the attraction switches fromChapter 7 (Attraction) as you can
          before you approach her. For example, if you talk to lots of people in the venue and appear
          to have social value before approaching her, she will have a greater chance of being attracted
          to you when you do approach because of your Status. (Remember, Status is one of the eight
          attraction switches, and applies even in a very narrow context like a bookstore or bar).


          2. Demonstrating genuine passion and energy is even more important the more direct your
          strategy. The worst way to tell a woman you like her is without enthusiasm. The more
          emotion that appears behind what you are saying, the more likely she is to respond
          positively.


          3. For openers, calibrate to the situation. For example, in a bar or club, you can say things
          like, “You looking fucking sexy in that dress,” but in Day Game (Chapter 13) you should be
          more charming and gentlemanly, “I just saw you walking down the street and thought you
          looked absolutely beautiful, I had to come say hello.”


          4. After you approach, do not stand around and wait for a reaction. A Direct opener is not
          going to make a woman fall at your feet; it’s still just a entry point to a conversation and
          grounds why you are talking to her. Ask a simple, low investment question, ideally
          something humorous, and then use a Transition (usually a Content Transition, see Chapter 6
          on Transitioning for an review of transitions) such as “what are you up to today?” or,
          “you’re here to pick up guys, aren’t you?”


          5. Of the eight attraction switches, Confidence and Humor are among the most useful for
          building attraction if you are “going direct”. Be completely unapologetic and unashamed of
          your attraction to her – it is very important to be congruent with the attitude of a confident,
          successful man approaching a beautiful woman. By being direct, you are demonstrating your
          willingness to take risks for the things you want. Get her laughing as soon as you can. A
          simple way to do this is to joke about the fact that you are trying to pick her up, e.g. “I
          thought
