6. I should come chat you up before everyone starts getting drunk and you’ve got a hundred
guys grabbing at you. I’m sober now, so you’re getting prime conversation here.” Qualify
her simultaneously as you build Attraction. You’ve already let her know that you find her
attractive, but you need to make her feel good for things specific to her. As you get more
signs of attraction (from her to you), give more specific and elaborate compliments. For
example, “You have a nice smile” is a generic compliment, whereas, “You have such a nice
smile. It’s the kind of smile that makes people feel completely relaxed when they are talking
to you. I like that,” is a very strong compliment. This is somewhat of an exception to the
idea that you don’t compliment a woman early in your interaction based on her physical
features.


7. Exude sexuality. This is a huge part of being direct. Make small sexual comments early
on. For example, in a nightclub, you might say something like “your ass looks incredible in
that dress” anytime from the Attraction phase onward. You would then gradually build up
the level of sexual energy as the interaction continues. As you get more Attraction and move
towards Comfort, sexually project what you want to do with her, e.g. “I’m going to get you
wearing those black high heels, a pair of long black gloves, and nothing else.” Expressing
sexuality is all about calibration and takes practice; be willing to take it too far to find out
where the line is.


8. Being direct doesn’t mean dropping the important tactics and boundaries of the Emotional
Progression Model. For example, it’s just as important – if not more so – to be emotionally
open in Comfort, and make a genuine effort to get to know her. When you are talking with
her, even in a busy bar, act like you and her are in a tiny bubble of energy and emotion, and
the chaotic world outside doesn’t even exist.


9. Use her sexuality to get her aroused, even when you’re in public. When you kiss her on
the lips, progress to kissing her neck and rubbing her thighs. Whisper in her ears the things
you want to do her and how aroused she is making you. When she is turned on, stop and
continue talking. This will build an incredible amount of sexual tension and it will be easy to
lead her to another venue or back to your place.


10. Move into the Seduction phase as quickly as you can. Being direct means progressing
things with a woman as fast as possible, and then adding in more Comfort on an ad hoc
basis. Whenever you are worried whether you should try to escalate things or not, escalate.
You’ll be amazed at what you can recover from. If she rejects an advance, don’t pout or
sulk, just continue from where you were and try again later.
