Social circle – advantages


Learn the built-in benefits of social circle gaming so you can take advantage of them.


         • Your value is assumed to be higher than if you met her at a bar, and is often reasonably
         assumed to be reasonably close to hers.


         People tend to interact with others of similar social status. They also tend to make
         preliminary judgments about others based in part on the context in which they meet. If I told
         you I was going to introduce you to Jessica Alba’s best friend, you would likely assume that
         you are about to meet an attractive woman. If a woman values and respects her friends, she
         will likely assume their friends to be high-value as well. Of course this is just your starting
         point and will not save you if you display low-value behavior.


         • She is more likely to learn about, and believe, good things that you have going for you.

         If you make a good impression on a woman she might ask other people in her social circle
         about you. If they tell her how great you are and how wonderful you’d be for each other, her
         interest in you will be solidified. This is the same thing as Personal Source DHVs from
         Chapter 7. Review this chapter if you plan to do much social circle gaming.


         • She should be less “flaky.”

         There are a lot of factors that might make women cancel on or not show up for dates
         (covered in Chapter 9: Comfort and Chapter 22: Phone Game). Many of these are less
         relevant if you are connected to her social circle. Similarly, women tend to avoid
         awkwardness or loss of face in their social circle. Canceling at the last minute on a date with
         someone she met at a coffee shop doesn’t carry any social consequences. Canceling on
         someone she might see again can be awkward.


         • She should trust you more easily.


         Women often won’t want to be alone with a man they don’t know, particularly in vulnerable
         situations (e.g., late at night, at his house, in sexual situations, etc.). A woman will more
         readily trust a man who is known within her circle and can be vouched for.
         For example, as a stranger, she might not let you give her a ride home from an event. As a
         friend-of-a-friend, she might, which then allows you to talk in private, build a connection,
         and possibly give you an opportunity that you might otherwise not have had.


         • You can interact with her without her thinking that you are hitting on her.
