If you’ve been introduced to someone connected to your social circle, it will usually be
natural to get to know her. She won’t likely wonder “why is he talking to me?” as much as if
a stranger had approached her at a bar. You likely won’t have to disqualify yourself or break
through her barriers right away. (See Chapter 7 for more on disqualification and barriers.)


• You don’t have to Approach or Transition.


If you are introduced to someone, it is assumed that you are in a normal conversation with
them. This puts you in the Attraction phase (Chapter 7).


• You have more time to make a positive impression.


If it is “normal” to talk to her as part of your social circle, you won’t be as much “on the
clock” or immediately judged by your first impression. If you are part of a large group doing
something social together (drinks after work, a concert, a party), a woman will give you
more time to win her attention. She won’t want the group to think that she is rude to
someone in their circle.


Unlike if you were a stranger, her friends will be less likely to interrupt your interaction
with her to “protect” her.


Logistics become much easier. As a stranger, when her group moves from one venue to
another, it can be difficult and require some skill to encourage her to stay with you, to join
her group, or to get a solid phone number. As part of her circle, you can naturally move with
the group.


If you see a woman regularly (e.g., at work or at regular social occasions), you don’t have to
get to the Comfort phase in the first interaction, like you would have to with a stranger. You
know you’ll see her again.


• She can observe your good qualities rather than your having to tell her about them.


Recall in Chapter 7 on Attraction that a woman will give more weight to what she can
perceive about you directly than what you tell her about yourself. This has special relevance
to your social circle if you are going to see a woman repeatedly. For example, if you see the
same group of friends every Friday for happy hour and one Friday you bring an attractive
woman, the other women there may think that you are Pre-selected (Chapter 3). At next
week’s happy hour when you arrive alone, they may be more curious about you.
