Social Circle – Disadvantages


The disadvantages of social circle gaming are relatively small and are usually straightforward to deal
with. Still, it’s best to be aware of them so you can avoid obvious pitfalls:


         • Women do not want to feel “easy” or be made a fool of in front of their social circle.


         A woman may be less likely to have sex with you early on in your interaction with her if you
         are in her social circle. She’ll be worried about her friends finding out and thinking she is
         easy, or of seeing you again and feeling awkward. Keep any sexual touching or conversation
         away from her friends and convey to her, through your actions and through storytelling, that
         you are discreet and have good Social Intuition.


         • Some women say they do not “go out with people from work” or “date their friends.”


         This one is a bit of a red herring. Sure, you might find a rare woman who adheres strictly to
         this rule in all situations, but most women will toss it aside if they meet someone
         sufficiently captivating. Usually it’s just an excuse – like when a woman tells you out of the
         blue that she has a boyfriend. This can happen when you have communicated too much
         interest in her too early (or, in terms of the Emotional Progression Model, you are trying to
         build comfort before you have created sufficient Attraction).


         • You need to be “on” for a lot more time.


         If you meet her as a stranger, you only have to be at your best long enough for a sexual
         relationship to develop. If you see a woman every day at work, you have to be “on” for most
         of that time. This doesn’t mean that you should go into work with the same high-energy
         entertaining persona that you use at nightclubs. It does mean that you have much more
         chance to lose value through having a bad day or just doing something socially awkward or
         unattractive.
