Social Circle – Strategies


Succeeding with a woman in your social circle is a variation on what you’d do if she were a stranger,
not a completely new system. Here are some additional tips to keep in mind:


         • Slow it down and tone it down. Social circle gaming should happen at a quarter to half of
         your “cold approach” speed and energy level.


         • Peer endorsement is crucial. It’s important enough if you’re approaching her as a stranger,
         since her friends should like you enough to encourage her to leave with you or to see you
         again.


         • It’s extra important when dealing with mutual friends since they know you and she’ll trust
         their judgment. Cultivate your friends. Time spent managing your social circle is rarely time
         wasted.


         • Be very careful with Attraction material. What can seem playful or normal in a high-
         energy social environment (disqualifiers, negs, etc.) can be very inappropriate in a social
         circle setting.


         • Until mutual interest is solidly established, dates are often unnecessary. She’s in your
         circle, so invite her and everyone else out for something fun, like drinks after work, dinner,
         or a trip to a club. On the surface, you’re just being social (and demonstrating that you have
         Status within the group, since you’re the one organizing and making plans). If she’s
         interested in you, she’ll make sure she’s there.


         • Do not put a woman in a potentially embarrassing position. Don’t kiss her where anyone
         else can see. Don’t get into a lot of touching that would draw attention to her and you. Once
         there is mutual interest and sexual tension, then some discreet “under the table” or “behind
         the back” touching can be alright, since it adds an element of the forbidden and scandalous.


         • Getting into the Seduction phase can be difficult when mutual friends or coworkers are
         around. She generally won’t want anyone to know what is happening. However, she likely
         won’t help you get around this problem, because she doesn’t want to have to participate in
         her own seduction. This is your job. In this situation, you can try to meet up with her another
         time for a date, but then you lose the emotional momentum from the current interaction and
         she has all the intervening time to think about whether she really wants to be sexual with
         you or with someone in her social circle generally. Or, use one of the techniques below to
         get her alone with you at the right time, without anyone noticing or her feeling awkward:
