Social Circle – Risks


I strongly believe that the advantages of meeting women through your social circle far outweigh the
disadvantages. However, I don’t recommend that you use the techniques from Magic Bullets or other
Love Systems training material in your social circle until you are extremely comfortable with them.
This is because of the risks involved:


         • While the techniques in this book are powerful, they require some practice. It is easy to
         make social errors and create awkwardness when starting out. I certainly did. Fortunately, if
         you inadvertently offend a stranger you meet in a coffee shop, she might tell her friends, but
         it won’t affect your life. If you make someone in your social circle uncomfortable, word will
         get around. Other women in your circle will be warned about you, and you jeopardize your
         standing in your social circle generally. Don’t do this. The value of your social circle goes
         far beyond it being a potential source of women to date.


         • Even if you don’t commit any social errors, getting rejected within your social circle more
         than once or twice can hurt your chances in the future. In technical terms, women will
         Observe your lack of Pre-selection. In straight English, women don’t like to date their
         friends’ rejects. You also may lose status within the group every time you are rejected.


         • Any time your social circle includes professional contacts, the risks are multiplied.


         • Even if you are successful with women in your social circle, you risk developing a
         reputation – this time as a “player.” While some women find it exciting to meet and be
         seduced by a man who is obviously experienced with women, few women want to be
         “Conquest #14” in their social circle. Especially when they would have to see Conquests 1-
         13 and the player in question whenever they hang out with their friends. In some social
         circles it’s “okay” for people to hook up casually, but this isn’t the case most of the time.
