Workplace romance Examples


A workplace romance is a particularly tricky element of social circle game. The workplace is
definitely not the place to practice. To mix things up a bit, I will use the His Version / Her Version
style that I use in the Love Systems’ insider (LSi), the free Love Systems online training course (sign
up at:
www.LoveSystems.com/insider).


When reading these stories, try to figure out what the man did wrong or right in each example before
reading ahead.


Example 1: John’s version

          I’m a finance manager at XYZ Corp. One day, I noticed an attractive woman in marketing.
          For the next little while I saw her in the halls or the elevator, and we’d say hi and smile. A
          couple of weeks later I got up the courage to go to her desk and talk to her. We chatted for a
          while and then I asked her out for drinks after work, but she already had plans. We kept
          seeing each other around, and every once in a while I’d go over to chat and ask her out but
          she always seemed to have things to do. I just have to wait until she gets less busy and then
          I’ll take my shot.

Example 1: Emily’s version

          I just started in marketing at XYZ Corp. My co-workers are great, but there’s this creepy
          guy in Finance who hits on me all the time. I thought he was cute when I first saw him, but
          he never talked to me until all of a sudden he starts coming over and hanging out when I’m
          working. It was really obvious. He asked me out in front of everyone and it became a joke
          among all of us. Jessica the receptionist said he does the same thing to her.


Well, that didn’t work very well, did it? Let’s let John try again.


Example 2: John’s version

          I’m a finance manager at XYZ Corp. One day, I noticed an attractive woman in marketing.
          She was new, so I said hi, and I, and introduced her around to other people in the company.
          We saw each other around and would sometimes stop and chat. If I had to go to marketing
          for something and it was a slow day, I’d sometimes stop for a bit to talk with her and
          Melanie and Don, who sit by her. Every few weeks, a bunch of us go to bar for dinner and
          karaoke after work, so tonight I invited the three of them along.
