Example 2: Emily’s version

          I just started in marketing at XYZ Corp. My co-workers are great, and there’s a really cute
          guy in Finance who I like. He was one of my first friends when I started, and we chat or joke
          around sometimes. He always makes me laugh, and Don and Melanie have good things to
          say about him. Anyway, he told us that some of the folks were going for dinner and karaoke
          tonight so of course I’ll be there.


Now, let’s take a look at how to take the relationship further. This gets a bit harder.


Example 3: John’s version

          We were out at dinner, and I sat next to Emily. Over a few drinks, we talked a lot. I really
          felt myself getting somewhere. I got some touching going too, like I had my arm around her
          after dessert for a few minutes. I made a move on her on the dance floor later on, but she
          said she doesn’t date people from work.

Example 3: Emily’s version

          We were out at dinner, and John sat next to me. He got really drunk and kept trying to get
          me to drink. He was really obvious and kept monopolizing my attention so I could only talk
          to him. When he put his arm around me, I didn’t do anything about it because I didn’t want
          to be rude, but I was giving “save me” glances to my friends. He tried to kiss me on the
          dance floor so I had to give him some excuse to get rid of him. Ugh.


Okay, that one was exaggerated for effect. Let’s try something a bit better. Keep trying to guess where
things are going right and wrong when reading John’s story.


Example 4: John’s version

          We were out at dinner, and I sat next to Emily. I made sure to talk with everyone, telling
          great stories, with everyone listening. A couple of times, Emily and I had little side
          conversations, with lots of flirting and casual but friendly touching. After dinner, I caught
          her alone coming out of the bathroom where no one could see and kissed her. It was a long,
          passionate makeout, and a giant release of sexual tension. We were hot for each other. I told
          her we’d need to continue this later with no one around and she agreed. An hour later I told
          her to say she had car trouble so I’d need to give her a ride home, but she was busy talking to
          her friends. I sat with her to try to get her attention back to our plan. When she came out of
          the bathroom later, I tried to do the same kiss move again, but this time it felt awkward and
          she said our friends would be looking for us. I explained that they didn’t catch us the first
          time, so they wouldn’t catch us this time, but she was already moving back. A few minutes
          later I saw her dancing with some guy on the dance floor and giving him her phone number.
          I went in to make my move before it got too far, told her I was leaving and offered her a ride
          home (hint, hint). She said she needed to stay with her friends, so I left alone. Today, she
