told me she was drunk last night and the kiss shouldn’t have happened.

Example 4: Emily’s version

         We were out at dinner, and John sat next to me. I was still really attracted to him at first, and
         then we shared a really hot kiss by the bar. That sort of got it out of the system for me, but
         he wanted more. He was all clingy and creepy, and tried to hang off of me the rest of the
         night – totally not the guy I thought he was! I had an awkward moment this morning letting
         him down.


Let’s break this one down and see what really happened…


John did everything right until the kiss. The kiss was unnecessary there and then. John probably did it
to make sure that Emily was into him. That might have been okay if it were quick, but a long drawn-
out makeout actually dissipated the sexual tension. John was no longer someone Emily was trying to
attract; she knew she had him already. He should have let the sexual tension continue to build until he
was in a place where he could have taken advantage of it. Chapter 18 (Kissing) explains this
psychological process in more detail.


After the kiss, things really went downhill. John became submissive and clingy instead of the
confident man Emily had been attracted to. He tried to involve Emily in a little conspiracy to be alone
together, which bored her and turned her off. As an attractive woman, she knows how to get alone with
men. She’s also been alone with men who made everything feel natural. This didn’t feel very natural
or fun to her. Then John started retracing old ground (the same kiss) hoping to re-create the earlier
result. This sealed his fate. For John to have won her back that night, he probably would have needed
to introduce an element of jealousy by casually flirting with someone else, preferably someone from
outside the group.


Let’s give John one last chance.


Example 5: John’s version

         We were out at dinner, and I sat next to Emily. I had a great time, talking with everyone,
         telling great stories, with everyone listening. A couple of times, Emily and I had little side
         conversations, with lots of flirting and casual but friendly touching. I was hanging out with
         other people after dinner, but we kept gravitating back to each other. When there were only 5
         of us left, I suggested we all go to a club down the street where my friend was DJing and I
         was meeting some friends. Emily said she’d come along, so I made a big show of trying to
         convince the others to come too so it didn’t look obvious, and to give Emily more of a
         challenge. Samuel from accounting did come along, but I kept feeding him alcohol and
         introducing him to women until he disappeared. Emily and I had a quick kiss on the dance
         floor, which I stopped first. An hour later, we left together.
