Advantages


     10. Mastering Day Game as well as Night Game means you can meet women, anywhere,
     anytime. Because you don’t specifically have to go out to do Day Game (though it helps to
     do so), you can fit approaches into your everyday schedule, thus maximizing your time and
     opportunity for meeting women.


     2. You meet a greater variety (and some would say quality) of beautiful women. Some
     women simply don’t like going out to “traditional” night-time venues or don’t go very often.
     Others may not have the time. For example, an educated, professional woman in a real job
     probably isn’t at the local hot spot at 2am on a Tuesday morning because she has to work the
     next day. But she will be on the street, at a coffee shop, at a mall, or any number of other
     places where you could meet her the next day.


     3. Women are approached far less often during the day than they are in clubs and bars at
     night. This means that you will be more memorable. She’ll (hopefully) be sober too, which
     will also help for this. So instead of being one of five men she met during a blurry, slightly-
     drunk night in a dark club, you’ll be that interesting man who charmed her at her local
     coffee shop. This will help a ton in your subsequent Phone Game (Chapter 22) and in setting
     up a future Date (Chapter 16).


     4. There’s a Day Game venue for everyone. Don’t like nightclubs? Have a night job or early-
     morning responsibilities? No problem. Spend Saturday afternoon in a busy park meeting
     women and see how much more fun you have. suits some men really well, for example older
     men that don’t feel comfortable in loud nightclubs, or men that don’t have as much time to
     go out every weekend.


     5. Practicing Day Game emphasizes different areas of the Emotional Progression Model
     (e.g. the Comfort phase) and therefore helps to develop areas that you may be less focussed
     upon in Night Game.


     6. You will rarely see beautiful women alone in bars and clubs. As you’ve seen in Chapters
     5-8, a lot of what you’re doing in the early stages of your interaction in Night Game has to
     do with navigating through her friends and attracting her when she’s in a larger group. You
     are much more likely to find a beautiful woman by herself in Day Game, which makes the
     process a lot easier. However, this isn’t a reason to avoid groups during the day...this can
     still work just as well.
