Venues and Strategies


One of the beautiful aspects of Day Game is the sheer variety of venues where you can meet women
and what you can do with them. Let’s take some common examples:


         • The Street: This is my favorite venue because you get constant streams of beautiful
         women walking past, provided you pick the right street of course. Shopping streets are ideal,
         but beware of times when they’re overcrowded. In such cases, go to quieter streets, or
         simply find less crowded areas of the street, e.g. nearer the kerb or near the store windows.
         Also, be aware that people are constantly going in and out of stores, crossing roads etc., so
         when you see a woman you want to approach you generally need to do so quickly lest she
         changes trajectory suddenly and it starts to look like you’re stalking her. You can some get
         away with a little hesitation in bars and clubs (though it’s not ideal and you should try to
         eliminate it) because the women aren’t going anywhere, but on the street you need to act
         quickly. Also, don’t think that a woman walking is harder to approach than a woman
         standing still; you just need to be confident enough in your opener and have strong enough
         body language to stop her. Direct Openers (Chapter 5) work extremely well on the street and
         have a romantic element to them that women love (it’s a better story to tell her friends that a
         guy picked her up while she was out shopping than picked her up in a bar). Opinion Openers
         or low key Indirect Openers, e.g. “Do you know where the nearest decent coffee shop is?”,
         also work well but make sure you have a solid Transition (Chapter 6) ready to go.


         • Shopping Malls: These are always full of good-looking women, either hanging out by
         themselves, or more commonly in groups. Opinion Openers work great in these situation as
         you can really ground them to your environment. For example, you can approach some
         women and say: “guys, I need to a present for my cousin; where do you think I can get the
         cutest kids’ clothes from around here?” If she’s with friends, best strategy is often to make
         friends with the whole group, and then invite them all out to a venue that you’re going to
         that night (the further in the future the event is, the more attraction and comfort you’ll have
         to build to prevent her from “flaking”). A good line to use is, “whose number should I
         take?”, as you’ll either be given the number of the woman who is most interested in you, or
         simply the woman who is the most efficient contact to have to leverage the group’s
         decisions. How they react to this question will give you some useful information.


         • Stores: There’s a huge variety of stores that you can have a lot of fun with. Bookstores and
         music stores are great because you can meet women that have similar tastes to you and come
         up with some really simple but effective Openers grounded to the section you’re in, e.g.
         “Who do you think is hotter, Snoop Dogg or Akon?” The Openers don’t need to be particular
         elaborate, but make sure you have some good Transition material. Content Transitions work
         amazingly well here, e.g. if you’re in a travelling section of a bookstore you can work in
         some stories about places you’ve visited. You can also run Cold Reads based on her tastes.
         The caveat I’d add to approaching women in stores is to be very aware of your surroundings.
         First, certain stores are less conducive to approaching (e.g. you’d have to work hard to
