establish credibility for why you’re in a women’s lingerie store); second, don’t do too many
         approaches in a small area in rapid succession – women (or even store security) will notice,
         and you’ll face a lot of resistance when you approach.


         • Coffee Shops: You won’t always find huge volumes of beautiful women here in the same
         way you might a bar a club, but you will spot the occasional woman or group or women you
         want to approach. Coffee shops have a unique characteristic that people are usually sitting
         down and static instead of being on the move. At coffee shops, it can often be best to start
         with a Functional Opener, or even an Opinion Opener with a clear Time Constraint, and then
         position yourself near her, i.e. sit at a table near her. From there, relax and don’t appear too
         eager to get into a conversation. It helps if you’ve got a book or laptop so you have a reason
         why you’re there. A minute or so later, re-open the conversation with a second, more
         involved opener, or a Transition. With this sort of strategy, you gradually build up her
         investment in the interaction without putting her under pressure to do so. A great coffee
         shop tactic is to ask her to watch your laptop while you go to the restroom, and then come
         back and continue a conversation as if its the most natural thing in the world.


         • Museums/Art Galleries: These venues don’t necessarily have a high flow of beautiful
         women passing through, but suit men who are looking for older, more creative-minded
         women. Approach here similarly to how you would in stores, but ground your Openers to the
         specific environment around you. Capitalize on the slightly enhanced level of emotion
         (creative venues tend to stimulate women emotionally) by cold reading extensively and
         moving quickly into Comfort (don’t go running loud Attraction routines in a quiet gallery).


         • Buses, Trains and Subways: Depending on what city you live in, public transport game
         can be an amazing way to maximize your time and opportunity for women. Be strategic. In
         some cities (e.g., London, New York, Toronto, San Francisco) it is normal for beautiful
         women to be on the subway or a bus. In others (e.g., Los Angeles, Philadelphia, San Diego) a
         little less so. Even in “good” cities, it will take you a few approaches to get used to the
         increased social pressure of Approaching in a quiet subway car, but once you do you realise
         it’s similar to any other Day Game venue. As with coffee shops, many men find it easier
         open indirectly to avoid putting her under pressure. Newspapers, magazines, books etc. all
         provide good fodder for grounding your openers. Realise you’ll probably have only a few
         minutes before her stop, so you need to make a good impression quickly and build as much
         Comfort as you can to make the phone number solid.




Newbie Missions

Doing Day Game can be scary at first. Here are a couple of ideas to ease you into it if you’re having
trouble. These tasks are progressively harder, but will demonstrate to you that people are a lot
friendlier and pleasant in the daytime than you might expect.
