• Ask 5 beautiful women what the time is


         • Ask 5 beautiful women for directions to the nearest coffee shop


         • Ask 5 beautiful women for the nearest men’s fashion store, and ask for any men’s fashion
         tips they can think of


         • Tell 5 beautiful women that they are cute


Your overarching strategy in Day Game should be to spend as much time with her as possible in the
first meeting. You should have a primary goal of taking her on an “instant date” (like going to grab a
bite to eat) and a secondary goal of getting a solid phone number. For either of these goals, the more
time you can spend with her in Comfort the better, so take her for a coffee or go for a walk with her if
you can. However, this won’t always be possible if she is busy or in a rush, but at the very least you
should walk with her for a few second or move her from where she was to a new location with you.
Whatever your chosen venue, have a logistical plan of where you can move her to that’s nearby.
Managing logistics like this will improve your success in Day Game quite dramatically.


Finally, here’s a bit of troubleshooting for Day Game that reflects a couple of key lessons that I
learned the hard way.


         3. Don’t try to progress physically (Chapter 15) fast as you would in a bar or club. It’s fine
         to touch her a little when you first meet her (e.g. a handshake, a light touch on the arm), but
         you don’t want to be throwing your arm around her shoulder or putting your hand on her
         waist like you might do in a club a few minutes into the interaction. Be sensitive to what she
         feels comfortable with.


         2. Don’t focus too much on Attraction. The fact that you’ve approached her in the day
         already shows a lot of confidence and you’ll find that you can build Attraction more quickly
         that you would in a bar or club. Focus on Qualifying and building enough Comfort to make
         sure she remembers you positively.
