Strip Clubs by Sinn


Many strippers (“exotic dancers”) are exceptionally beautiful. Unfortunately, they are also hit on all
night long and celebrated for their looks and sexuality. The strip club environment poses some unique
challenges. Here are some of my most important tactics and techniques:


         2. Time your visits. At the very beginning (1st to 4th) or end (after the 25th) of the month,
         debts and bills pile up. Many women become strippers because they have money problems.
         When money pressure becomes more intense, they need to focus more on making money
         than on getting picked up.

         2. Avoid the “customer frame.” Many strippers have a rule not to date customers. Once you
         pay her for anything, you are a customer and a potential recurring source of income. That’s
         more valuable to most strippers than another guy who wants to date her.

         3. Avoid “Pervert Row,” the first row in front of stage. Remember in Chapter 7 when Savoy
         explained how a woman’s first impression of you comes in part from the context in which
         she meets you and her experiences with previous men in that context? Put it this way – her
         experiences with men on Pervert Row won’t encourage her to get to know you.

         4. Establish a friend on the inside, ideally a man in a power position like the manager or DJ.
         The best way I have found to do this is to ask who I would talk to about setting up a bachelor
         party next weekend. Then have the manager walk you around the club explaining everything.
         Offer to buy him a drink as he does this. If an exotic dancer sees you having a drink with the
         manager, she will assume you have higher value than the average customer.

         5. Control the conversation. Everything that a stripper says to you in the first five minutes is
         a routine. When they ask what you do or how your night has been, change the topic. Make
         sure that you stick to your material. You need to select the conversational topics that will
         make her attracted to you.

         6. Sit alone if you want to be approached. To strippers, customers are approaches and she is
         more comfortable approaching a single man than a group.

         7. Stay away from all sexual topics. Make sure she does the same.

         8. Stay out of the “here and now.” Don’t mention the club or the situation you are in. You
         want her thinking about and feeling things not related to her job as a stripper. You want to
         convey your personality while displaying both the attributes and characteristics of an
         attractive man.

         9. Make sure she knows you are a “stripper boyfriend” type. Many men can’t handle the
         reality of dating a stripper, and strippers know this. If you communicate or imply that you
         already have, or that you have an understanding of her world, she will be less nervous about
