General rules of touching


You don’t want to leave touching too late in your interaction. Increasing physical intimacy should be a
natural and gradual escalation, not a sudden change of gears accompanied by a big awkward moment
when you “make your move.”


Touch is also subject to different cultural norms. This chapter is primarily based on experiences in
North America, Western Europe, Australia, and South Africa. Latin and East Asian cultures, among
others, have different cultural expectations around touch and personal space. Make adjustments
accordingly.


Physical progression can be divided into two broad phases, which we discuss later in this chapter:


Social touching, during which you should not really be doing anything differently with the woman you
are interested in than with the rest of the group. Even if you are alone with her, the frame for your
touching should be social as opposed to romantic or sexual.


Personal touching, in which you use touching to reinforce or lead the emotional connection you are
developing with her. Increasing physical intimacy in this way builds comfort and arousal.




Many men who are new to this type of material find that physical progression is a difficult subject at
first. This is natural. Like any complicated activity, from learning to drive to playing a sport, there is a
lot to keep in mind at the same time and you can only focus on so many elements at once. I tend to
encourage men to become comfortable with the Emotional Progression Model first, and then to focus
on improving their physical progression skills.


You will need to push through your own discomfort at first and do your best to seem comfortable with
each physical step you make. As you get used to it, physicality will get easier and become a natural
part of the way you interact with people.


In general, the “go first” principle applies most of the time. Your actions should communicate to her
that touching is normal, fun and comfortable by initiating it and being emotionally comfortable with
doing it. This will help her follow your lead and be comfortable as well.


Sometimes it’s easy to get used to physical progression, or even just to start the process off, by using
routines which have a physical component. For example, even a simple routine like saying something
funny or apparently insightful about a woman (the latter case usually being a “cold read” – see
