Social Touching


Social touching only includes touching in ways that would be acceptable in a non-romantic context.
For example, you can touch someone’s arm or shoulder to emphasize a point. You can pat someone on
the upper back to congratulate them. Stay away from other areas.


Some general rules:


         • Start early. It can feel awkward and forced if you start touching someone once you’ve
         already been interacting with her for 20 minutes. Start during the opener if you can.


         • Touch everyone in the group. You want to come across as a social person, not as a creepy
         seducer. Don’t touch the woman you’re interested in any differently than you would other
         strangers. Touch the men too. Studies have shown that people feel better about the people
         they are talking with if they are occasionally being touched as part of the conversation.
         Politicians “glad handle” potential voters for a reason.


         • Physical progression should be consistent with emotional progression. If you are in
         Qualification, you can use touch to express approval (or to release that approval). In
         Attraction, your touch should generally be high-energy and interactive, such as challenging a
         woman to a game of thumb-wrestling.


         • Test her . Women often give off confusing or mixed signals verbally, but very few “lie”
         with touching. For example, if you put your arm around a woman, is her first reaction to
         slide closer to you or to put her arm around your waist? Or does she let your arm just sit
         there awkwardly? When you take her hand, does she curl her fingers into yours or is her
         hand limp? Does she pull awkwardly away after a few seconds? When I am not sure of a
         woman’s level of interest in me, I will often do something like this to “check physically.”


         • Create opportunities for social touching. You can make up secret handshakes. You can
         teach her what the lines on her palm mean (be creative, make her laugh). You can touch her
         at key moments in your stories. As you gain experience and comfort with particular stories
         that you tell, you can also anticipate and plan for specific moments when touching fits well
         with and enhances what you are saying. Or you can develop stories or routines that are
         specifically designed to allow for social touching. For example, I tell a (true) story about
         accidentally making out with my roommate’s sister in college. Yes, it’s possible to
         accidentally make out with someone. No, it’s not something you can teach or plan for. At
         one point in the story, I mention how I felt a hand on me and say “like this” and put her hand
         on my forearm. I continue the story without pausing or drawing attention to what I’m doing.
         While I am telling the rest of the story, I am waiting to see how long it will take her to
