You should also establish as much of the touching as possible as if she were the initiator. Putting her
hand on your arm or your leg is better than putting yours on hers. For one thing, this is far less
threatening; she still feels in control with the increased escalation because she can remove herself at
any moment; whereas if it is you touching her, she may worry that she may have to “play defense”
against your persistent efforts to escalate past her comfort zone. A second reason why this is valuable
is because a woman’s psychological processes may encourage her to act consistently with her physical
behavior. She doesn’t generally sit on a man’s lap if she doesn’t like him.


Doing these things should give her the feeling that she can be as free as she wants to touch you
(touching feels good after all) without you putting her in an uncomfortable position. In fact, seducing
you can become a fun and interesting challenge for her. Obviously, you will need to go through this a
few times before you’re able to recognize the feeling of a woman about to pull away.


At the same time, as you are controlling the duration of touching within a given level of physical
intimacy, you should be managing the intensity by progressively testing and pushing her boundaries.
If she is comfortable holding hands, put her on your lap. If she’s comfortable on your lap, bite her
neck. Find out where her resistance point is and periodically test to see if you can move past it.


This might feel awkward at first. The average man is not used to the idea of putting a woman on his
lap and then pushing her off a few seconds later and playfully telling her to stop trying to seduce him.
This doesn’t make sense to many men, but it works with women.


Escalating personal touching works best if you aren’t drawing attention to what you are doing. Don’t
ever talk about it. In fact, escalation is easier if there is something going on to distract her as we saw
in Chapter 10: Seduction. If one of you is on the telephone, look at this as an opportunity to playfully
increase the intensity of your touching. You may have to pull back after the telephone call is over, but
by breaking into that territory for a while, you will increase your chances of accessing it again in the
future.


Make your touch exciting so she is curious about what more intense touching would feel like.
Touching should rarely be static. If you have your arm around her, use your hand to touch, rub, or play
with her neck or shoulders. If you’re holding her hand, don’t be limp and clammy – run your fingers
lightly over her palm or the back of her hand.
