Good dates, bad dates


A good date is one that advances your relationship goals. Figure out where you are in your emotional
and physical progression, and structure your date to give yourself the best opportunity to move
forward along both. Of course, much of the purpose of a date is to help your logistical progression –
getting her alone, away from her friends, where you and her have the opportunity and time to get
physical.


The ten principles below will help in most situations, but always start from an assessment of where
you are with a woman and what you think you need to do to take it to the next level. Once you’re clear
on that, consider these 10 critical elements:


          10. Planning


Never ask a woman what she wants to do on a date, at least not the first couple of times you go out
with her. Have everything planned and prepared. Include backup plans if necessary. (If I’m taking a
woman to an event that starts at a particular time and she’s late or something unexpected happens, I
always have a Plan B.) Being taken out is very attractive to a woman. I sometimes take this a step
further and tell a woman, jokingly, that it’s none of her business where we’re going and that all she
needs to know is what kind of shoes to wear.


          2. Different


Plan something that she hasn’t done over and over with men trying to be her boyfriend. They take her
to dinner, they go for coffee, they meet for a drink, and if they’re particularly inept, they invite her to
the movies. These kinds of dates remind most women of the men they’ve rejected in the past, and are
neither fresh nor interesting. If this is the best you can do, you won’t seem fresh or interesting either.


          3. External Stimulation


Take her where the environment is stimulating and where conversation isn’t your primary source of
entertainment. This is another problem with dinner, drinks, or coffee. Not only does this put a lot of
pressure on your conversational skills, which can be a challenge if your skills aren’t great yet or you
don’t know each other all that well, but your conversation will by necessity be mostly about abstract
subjects instead of about the “here and now.” That’s fine most of the time, but over a two-hour dinner
this can feel artificial, as though you are interviewing each other. When there is external
entertainment and stimulation, it becomes much easier to be a good conversationalist. Think of going
shopping or wine tasting instead of taking her for dinner and drinks.
