Paying for dates


It’s gotten into some men’s heads that by paying for a woman, they are “supplicating” or losing
power. It’s gotten into other men’s heads that they need to impress a woman by taking her on an
expensive extravaganza. Both perspectives are silly.


Here is all you need to know about money and dates:


          • Don’t use money to try to impress her.


          • Don’t let the bill cause awkwardness.


It is really that simple. Here’s the underlying psychology:


If your first date with a woman involves something over the top, like a 5-star restaurant, she may
instinctively feel that this is “too much.” She’ll wonder whether you are so lonely and so obviously
not Pre-selected or Challenging that you’re going all out for a woman that you don’t know all that well
and that money is all you have going for you. Or she’ll be nervous that you feel – as some men do –
that spending all this money on her makes you entitled to sleep with her.


Awkward situations affect women emotionally in a way that is incomprehensible to most men.
Because you have no idea about her expectations – some women will offer to pay half, others will
offer to pay but don’t mean it, others will never offer – you are best off assuming that you’re going to
pay and planning accordingly. This has the additional bonus of showing her you can take care of her,
which if done correctly should make her perceive you as dominant rather than supplicative.


Again, we’re not talking about anything super-expensive. No sane woman is going to feel supplicated
to if you bought two tickets to a comedy club and a couple drinks. More important is your attitude.
Don’t draw any attention to money or act like it’s a big deal.


If you don’t have very much money, then plan dates that don’t require much money. It’s that simple.
There are plenty of free events on the list of good dates above.


If she offers to pay, she might just be offering out of politeness. Social convention implies that you
should wave this off. If she offers again, or says something like “let me get this one” then let her
contribute. Otherwise, you risk violating the second rule: don’t let the bill cause awkwardness. But let
her contribute in a way that still lets you be the leader. If she wants to chip in for drinks at a gallery
opening, you can tell her she can buy you dessert afterwards. Now she’s committed to going with you
