The flow


The main content of the story should flow naturally to a woman which means you are taking her on an
emotional journey. Remove unnecessary logical or factual detail. You only want the minimum amount
of non-emotional content to make your story make sense; additional detail must serve a specific
purpose (e.g. rooting or embedding DHVs, as explained later in this chapter).


To give an example of how this is done, let’s take a description of my recent trip to the East Coast and
give it more of an emotional impact. For now, we’re not worried about hook lines or anything else;
we’re just trying to replace facts with emotions.
Bad Storytelling:
         I was in Philadelphia last week on business and when I was there, I went to visit a friend of
         mine in New Jersey. When I was there we went to all-you-can-eat-sushi night at this
         Japanese restaurant in Trenton. My friend has always been kind of cheap and loves to get a
         good deal, so even though he wanted the sashimi, he ordered the sushi because unlimited
         sushi was $25 but unlimited sashimi is $30. I guess the sushi is cheaper because the fish is
         the expensive ingredient so people will get full after eating less fish if they are also eating
         the sushi rice and the seaweed.
         My friend’s plan was to take the fish out of each sushi roll and send the rice and seaweed
         back. That way he’d get all the sashimi he’d want for $5 less. They told him to stop after his
         first plate but then he did it again a manager came out screaming at us and we had to leave.
         Fortunately, my friend paid for the dinner when we got kicked out and we decided that we
         didn’t have to leave a tip.
Better Storytelling:
         My friend just took me to all-you-can-eat sushi. Sushi is my favorite food so I was really
         excited. But my friend is really cheap and always loves to get a good deal, even if it makes
         things kind of awkward. He wanted sashimi but that costs more than all-you-can-eat sushi
         because with sushi you’ll get full on the rice before you eat as much fish, and the fish is
         what’s expensive. So my friend ordered the sushi and ate the fish out of every roll and sent
         the rice back. This gave me that feeling of bad anticipation, you know that feeling you get in
         your gut when your best friend is about to totally embarrass himself... and you. Eventually,
         they caught on and the manager started screaming at us. I was embarrassed but also trying
         not to laugh; you know how that feels. I knew either my friend or the manager was being an
         idiot and I couldn’t figure out which, but my friend paid for dinner, so I’m on his side.


You may actually prefer the first story to the second. This gives some insight into male vs. female
communication as well as written vs. oral communication. The first story is logical and sequential; the
second is more emotional. As such, the first “reads” better while the second “sounds” better.


You want to sound more like the narrator of the second story. It conveys more emotion. Neither story
