Embedded information


Embedding means using a story that appears to be about one subject to subtly tell listeners about
something else. Usually the “something else” will be positive characteristics about yourself that you
don’t want to bring up directly because you don’t want to come across as bragging or trying too hard
to impress her.


Thus, what you are trying to communicate to her – usually a DHV, as discussed in Chapter 7 – is not
the main point of the story. Consider this example:


          I love New York, but I always thought there was something strange about the city. I think I
          know what it is now. It’s mushrooms. I did a show there last week and afterwards a bunch of
          us went on a helicopter tour. It was really beautiful and all, but the weird thing was all the
          satellite dishes on the roofs. It was like a sea of little white patches, like the skyscrapers had
          all grown mold. So I figured it out. New York is strange because we’re all living under giant
          mushrooms, just like the Smurfs.


Theoretically, the story is about how satellite dishes look like mushrooms from the sky. That’s true by
the way. It’s amazing what you can learn from a Love Systems book. But the point of this story is the
embedded DHVs:


          10. The narrator does “shows” in New York, among other places. This implies Status, and
          potentially Wealth. In reality, it can be a trade show for all that it matters at this stage.


          2. Helicopter rides are fairly routine for the narrator. To most women, this implies Wealth,
          and possibly Status. In fact, helicopter rides aren’t all that expensive or a big deal; they just
          seem that way. Go take one so you can tell stories about it.


Create your own embedded DHV stories for the Attraction phase. Start by thinking of events or
situations from your own life that relate to any of the attraction switches discussed in Chapter 3. Then,
figure out a larger context in which you could tell a story in which that DHV would be an incidental
detail, but would fit naturally within the story. “Larger context” here simply means that the story is
about something bigger. In the example above, shows and helicopters are DHVs and fit into the larger
context of “New York” or “why New York feels weird.”


There are a virtually unlimited number of ways to embed different DHVs. To get you started, here are
some phrases or lines that could fit into larger contexts and imply good things about you:


          • I took some friends on a rafting trip up north… (Health)
