Opportunities for input


A story can have a more powerful effect on someone if they are actively engaged in it as opposed to
just listening passively. Try to structure opportunities for a woman to feel that she is contributing to
the conversation. This should be done carefully, as she might unpredictable derail the story’s direction
or create awkward moments by being unable or unwilling to contribute meaningfully.


In previous examples, we’ve been using elements of an Attraction story, so now we’ll switch gears to
Comfort. The story fragment we’ll use is actually true and is about my mom’s cat when I was a kid.
Stories about childhood experiences are generally good in Comfort. They can make you seem
vulnerable without being weak, they give you an opportunity to laugh at yourself, and they allow you
to share commonalities. You’ll notice that this story has no hook line; we’ll add that in a moment.


Cat Story

My mom’s cat was really old and really big. He was probably the only cat ever born without a sense of
balance. I thought being able to balance on ledges and treetops was supposed to be part of the point of
being a cat. But we lived on an island, so maybe we had mutants. Anyway, when I was little, my first
memories are of him walking along the edge of my crib and losing his balance and falling on me. It
scared me to death. It probably only happened once or twice, but in my memories it felt like it was
happening all the time. In pre-school we all had to draw pictures of animals we were afraid of. The
other kids drew snakes and monsters. Those never bothered me, not even when my older cousins tried
to tell me there were snakes under my floor. I just laughed and told them I wasn’t scared. No sir. What
scared me was my mom’s big old retarded cat. That’s why today I have an aquarium. I’m pretty sure
seahorses won’t escape the tank and jump on me when I sleep.




This story could work fine on its own, if I added a hook line and a bit more emotional depth. But it
could also be made better if a woman is actively engaged in it. The easiest way to create opportunities
for input is to ask her questions about elements of your story that she might be able to relate to. For
example:


         • Did you have pets growing up?


         • Do you like cats?


         • What were you most afraid of when you were a kid?
