Me: Did you have pets growing up?


Her: Yes, I had two dogs, a whale, and a llama. The llama’s name was Bob. [Okay, she probably won’t
say this. When I’m creating sample dialogues, sometimes I have the woman say something ridiculous
to emphasize that the exact content of her response is irrelevant to what I’m going to say next.]


Me: Oh yeah? My mom had a cat. And he hated me… Her: [Random response]


Me: My mom’s cat was really old and really big. He was probably the only cat ever born without a
sense of balance. I thought being able to balance on ledges and treetops was supposed to be part of
the point of being a cat. But we lived on an island, so maybe we had mutants. Anyway, when I was little
my first memories are of him walking along the edge of my crib and losing his balance and falling on
me. It scared me to death. It probably only happened once or twice, but in my memories it felt like it
was happening all the time. In pre-school we all had to draw pictures of things we were afraid of.
What were you afraid of when you were little?


Her: [Random response – but this one will probably be really interesting and tell me a lot about her.
Talking about this should build comfort. I can either pursue the conversation in this direction or leave
it as an open thread from her and come back to it later.]


Me: The other kids drew snakes and monsters. Those never bothered me, not even when my older
cousins tried to tell me there were snakes under my floor. I just laughed and told them I wasn’t scared.
No sir. What scared me was my mom’s big old retarded cat. That’s why today I have an aquarium. I’m
pretty sure seahorses won’t escape the tank and jump on me when I sleep.




Many opportunities for input are set up as questions. But they don’t have to be. The dialogue below
contains an example of a pause where the listener should feel compelled to contribute. I also make one
of the opportunities for input into a hook line. This is often a good way of generating hook lines.


This story should have more of an impact on a woman than the first version, since she becomes
invested, and contributes to it. The opportunities for input are not difficult for her, which is important.


It’s hard to be listening to someone else talk and then suddenly be put on the spot and have to come up
with something interesting to say. But everyone knows what they were afraid of growing up and
whether they had pets.
