Delivery


A story can take any length of time, from as little as 30 seconds to as long as 30 minutes, or even
longer in the right context. Make your story length fit the situation. In a loud nightclub, no one is
going to listen to you for more than a minute or two right after meeting you, so keep your stories
short. Later on, when you’re in the Comfort phase and maybe sitting in a quieter area, longer stories
may be more appropriate. Learn to insert and remove material from your stories depending on the
situation. Many of my best stories have a “short version” and a “long version.” This is another reason
why you should focus on the general outline of your stories as opposed to memorizing them word-for-
word.


Make sure you get everyone’s full attention before you begin. If you don’t have the group’s attention,
either command it by being louder or stop talking until everyone is focused on you. If you lose
someone’s attention while you are telling them a story, just stop and look at them until they focus. Or
you can playfully say: “hey, show’s over here.”


The biggest mistake I see most men make is that they are not “living the story.” This is another reason
why it’s important that your stories are actually related to your personal experiences. For example, if
you are telling a story about a party at your brother’s house, you should be able to mentally immerse
yourself in the atmosphere of the party. You should be able to see, smell, feel, hear, and taste
everything that you were sensing at that moment.


Most of this information will be unnecessary detail. You may remember that your sister-in-law was
wearing a long red dress that she looked uncomfortable in, but if it’s not relevant to the story, don’t
include it. But you still need to know and feel these details to put yourself psychologically “in the
moment.” This will make your story much more captivating and seem more real. This is similar to
how actors draw upon their personal experiences to convey attitudes and feelings and to create an
emotional response in their audience. In addition, having that background detail available to you
makes the rest of your storytelling better. This is similar to an author creating extensive “backstories”
for his or her characters. The backstories are full of details that will never get into the book, but they
endow the characters with much fuller and more interesting personalities.


If you’re not interested in what you’re talking about, there’s no chance anyone else will be either.
Take your new friends on a journey with you through the story. Personalize your openers, stories, and
routines with things that you are genuinely passionate about. Someone with excitement and
enthusiasm in his eyes talking about a model train set that he built (on the surface, not that fascinating
to most women) will get far better results than someone going through the motions of talking about
his career as a movie producer.


Insert pauses strategically in your stories. They create tension and anticipation. Using the stories we
looked at previously in this chapter, I’ve added a couple of potential pauses. Often pauses will come
