Tonality


Tonality refers to how you say something, especially the volume, speed, and pitch of your voice.
Volume
Be louder. Most men at bars and nightclubs are too quiet, and it’s extremely rare to see a sober man
who is too loud. At first you may “lose your voice” from being louder. This is actually a good thing.
Your vocal muscles are like any other muscles in the body; they become stronger after exertion and a
recovery period. Deepening your pitch (see below) can also allow you to project your voice.
A commanding, confident voice is an extremely powerful tool. In contrast, a quiet or timid voice is as
unattractive to women as a limp-wristed handshake. Early in an interaction, a woman should never
have to strain to hear you or ask you to repeat yourself; if she does, that’s a sure sign that you are not
being loud enough. Later – once you get into the Comfort phase certainly – it’s okay to make her lean
in to hear you sometimes to build intimacy.


Don’t let yourself get interrupted or talked over, especially by another man. If you’re talking and
someone else interrupts, keep talking until you finish your thought.


          Hint: You may feel uncomfortable at first speaking with a commanding, loud voice. Just
          because you feel that way doesn’t mean it’s too much. Often, at first, it’s still not loud
          enough. Experiment and don’t be afraid to push boundaries a bit to see where the line is, as
          far as volume goes.
Speed
Pace your delivery. Many men speak too quickly, especially when first meeting a woman. This
suggests nervousness, as if you have to say your piece quickly before people stop paying attention.
Adopt the attitude that you are interesting, that what you have to say is interesting, and that you are
used to people listening to what you have to say.


Many men talk too quickly without realizing it. Consciously slow down your delivery in your next few
interactions with women; you may be surprised by your improved results. In addition, by slowing
down your speech, you will make it easier for others to understand you, especially in loud
environments.
Pitch
Deepen your voice: As I mentioned in Chapter 5 on Opening, your voice should usually come from
your chest, not from your throat. To try this out, put your hand on your chest, right below your
pectorals, try to talk in two different ways: one in which you can feel the vibrations on your hand, and
one where you can’t. Consciously train yourself to speak in the way that you can feel the vibrations.
That’s your chest voice and it’s what you should normally use to talk to women.
Variability
