Locking In

Within the first 30-60 seconds of an interaction (longer in some specific cases, but shoot for this
timeframe), you should be adopting a comfortable and socially-dominant physical position relative to
the group you approach. This is especially true if the group is made up mostly of women, but it also
applies to mixed groups as well.


The most common example of locking in comes when you are leaning up against a wall or a bar and
the group is facing you.


This sounds harder to achieve than it is. Once you’ve been talking to a group for a few seconds, you
can move around (or gently move the people you are speaking to) to establish this position. Just keep
talking as if nothing is happening.


If the group doesn’t happen to be near an appropriate vertical surface, you can wait a bit longer and
then as you solidify the group’s interest, you can slowly move and motion for the group to follow you,
so that you establish this position.


Locking in also refers to sitting down with a group that is already seated. Deliver your false time
constraint (see Chapter 5) as you sit. Use body language for the first couple minutes that you are
sitting down to imply that you are about to leave.


Locking in is very important. If you stay standing next to seated group or face a group that has a wall
behind it and you’re obviously the outsider, you will lose value. Your physical positioning will imply
that you are hitting on them, regardless of what you say. Not only will the group notice, but other
people in the venue will notice. And you’ll lose value with other groups you subsequently approach.




The following list highlights the most important body language dos and don’ts. But they don’t all have
the same importance. Focus first on everything in the head and face section (especially eye contact)
and keeping your shoulders back. It’s hard to simultaneously focus on 18 different things that your
body is doing, especially while you’re also trying to carry on a conversation. So focus on a couple of
them at a time, internalize them until you don’t have to consciously think about them, and then move
on to the next ones.
Overall posture
         • Don’t lean forward to talk to someone. Tilt your head if you need to, but don’t lean in so
         someone can hear you or so you can hear them. If you’re having trouble being heard, speak
         up. If you can’t hear someone, either carry on talking (before the Qualification phase) or
         suggest you move somewhere quieter (in the Qualification phase or subsequently).
