• Don’t slouch. Stand up straight. Sit straight. Not like a statue, you need to be relaxed a
      little bit, but don’t hunch your shoulders or curve your back.


      • Take up space. Within the boundaries of social politeness, don’t be overly concerned about
      others’ personal space. Men who are comfortable taking more physical space tend to be
      more attractive to women.


Head and face
      • Eye contact is probably the most important element of body language. Hold eye contact
      50% of the time when you are being spoken to and 90% of the time when you are speaking.
      If you are speaking to a group, switch eye contact between group members; at any given
      time, you should be making eye contact with one of them. At least early on, everyone in a
      group should get roughly equal attention; if anything, the woman you are interested in
      should get slightly less, not more. This helps make you a challenge to her.


      • •Keep your head up. Your neck should always be straight unless there is a specific reason
      to look down. This is a difficult one to internalize. Check yourself regularly. When I was
      learning to improve my body language, I focused on my head by doing a random spot-check
      every time I heard a phone ring.


      • Relax your facial muscles, especially around your eyes and mouth. Go for a facial massage
      if you need to learn what relaxed facial muscles feel like.


      • Smile. Show some teeth with your smile. Practice your smiles in front of the mirror. You
      should be smiling more often than not. Smiling actually releases positive brain chemicals,
      and this will help you develop a naturally positive and outgoing demeanor. And don’t just
      smile with your mouth. The eyes are equally important and are the easiest way to tell
      between a fake and a real smile.
Chest and shoulders
      • Keep your shoulders relaxed, down, and back. This is another difficult one to internalize
      and can also benefit from the “spot check” technique described above.


      • When your shoulders are back, your chest should come out a bit. Don’t puff up your chest
      any more than happens naturally through good shoulder positioning. That looks silly. Trust
      me, I tried this when I was starting out.
Legs and feet
