Kiss Invitations


Personally, I just make the kiss happen. Once you have interacted with thousands of women, you will
generally know when the opportunity to kiss becomes available. But if not, there are a bunch of “kiss
routines” that set a woman up for that first makeout. There is a whole section of the Love Systems
Routines Manual ( www.LoveSystems.com/Routines) devoted to this. I’ll include some examples
here.
The Question Game Kiss
This routine was first invented by Mystery as an all-purpose kiss tactic. As a matter of preference, we
tend to use this only as part of the Question Game (see Chapter 9). However, it can work in other
situations too – try it with our other kiss invitations and see which you like the best.


What we do is ask, “Do you want to kiss me?” It’s important to get the phrasing right. It’s not “May I
kiss you?” or “Are you going to kiss me?” The neutral phrasing is important.


Her likely responses can be divided into three categories:


         2. Green Light. Responses here include “yes,” “maybe,” or leaning in to kiss you.


         If you get any response like this, kiss her. If she says “maybe,” respond with “let’s find out”
         while you move to kiss her.


         2. Yellow Light. Responses here include “not here” or “not yet.”


         She does want to kiss you, but not in this particular situation. Don’t discuss. Don’t try to
         solve her objections by moving somewhere else or arguing that you’ve known each other
         long enough. Just say “I understand” and let the conversation continue on another topic.
         Your opportunity will come up again later.


           3. Red Light. Responses here include the ever-popular “no.”
She is likely not interested in you yet. Or you have taken her by surprise and this was her instinctive
reaction. Or she is interested in you but doesn’t want to seem easy. Or she really meant “not here” or
“not yet.” If you get a rejection here, don’t be negative. Just say something like “I didn’t say you
could; it just looked like you had something on your mind” and change the subject. You may need to
add more Attraction, more Qualification, or more Comfort. Or elements of all three.
The “I’m trying to so hard not to kiss you” Kiss
This routine was first developed by Style as part of his Evolution Phase Shift routine. The part that is
