Being good-looking


Want some good news?


You can be good-looking enough for virtually any woman, without too much work.


This is because, for a man, being good-looking has far more to do with how you dress than it does with
what you look like naked. The bad news is that being good-looking will not usually do much for you
by itself (women do reject men based on appearance, although not anywhere remotely near as often as
men reject women for the same reason). Usually all it will do for you is prevent you from being
rejected on the grounds of looks alone. Good looks can also give you more approach invitations (see
Chapter 5), and give you more freedom overall to make mistakes. So you may as well do everything
you can to improve them.
We certainly do. But don’t expect this to change your life.


Another piece of bad news is that there is only so much “universal” advice about fashion and
grooming that can apply to all men. I’d rather tell you this upfront than pretend that there is a magic
formula that can bring out the best in everyone. To make the most out of your looks, get in-person
advice from someone who can see what styles and outfits look best on you and knows what they are
doing.


This is one reason why our fashion consultations and Love Systems’ bootcamps (which usually
include fashion consultations) are so popular. Brad P., of www.BradPPresents.com, is a master at this
and has written a whole book dedicated to fashion and dating science (www.BradPPresents.
com/FashionBible). On the subject, I should say that relying too much on the advice of your female
friends can be a mistake, unless they know what they are doing. In general, women have a tendency to
suggest that men dress “nice” or like Barbie’s boyfriend Ken, as opposed to in a unique way that will
capture the attention and curiosity of other women.


This chapter will give you plenty of dos and don’ts to get you started, and over time you can and
should develop a fashion sense yourself. Read GQ and Details (fashion-oriented magazines targeted at
men) to get ideas. Look at what high-status men are wearing when you’re out. Watch women who
interest you and look at the fashion and grooming choices of the men they date. Then look at what the
lonely men by themselves are wearing. Not only will this education process help you make the most of
your looks, but it will also give you something interesting to talk about with women. Most women are
interested in fashion and people-watching.


Consider yourself lucky that you are a man. It’s relatively easy to improve your looks and most
women aren’t dead set on dating male models. Women who aren’t physically attractive have a much
harder time finding and keeping a desirable man.
