Conveying your identity


Fashion and grooming serves a dual purpose. They do more than change your looks; they also project
an identity.


Here’s a thought-experiment. Imagine that you are visiting a big city that you’re unfamiliar with. One
night, you go out alone but you make a wrong turn and find yourself completely lost. You need to ask
for help. You go to an intersection and see three different people, one on each of the other corners:


         3. A man in a well-fitted suit with clean shoes, a briefcase, and a fashionable tie.


         2. A man in ripped pants sliding well below the waist, big boots with metal spikes, a
         bandana and a leather jacket.


         3. A man dressed in shorts, sandals, and an oversized wool sweater.


Don’t read on until you visualize and think about how you feel about each of them and which of
them you’d ask for help.


When you imagined these people, did their clothing choices lead you to make assumptions about each
of them? Keep in mind that I didn’t tell you anything about them – I just said it was “a man” each
time. But if you’re like most people, you inferred other things about them based on their clothes. You
might even have inferred physical characteristics. Was one man big, while another was small? Did
they vary in strength? Were they of different races?


Let’s dig deeper. The first man probably didn’t scare you because he so obviously belonged in a
corporate environment. You can guess what kind of job he might have, what kind of place he works in,
what kind of things he does on his free time, and so on. You might be wrong because individual people
do defy patterns, but you’d be right most of the time. This is because you’ve met men who dress like
this in the past or seen them on TV and in the movies, and you’ve learned about personality traits that
such men often have in common.


The second man probably scared you. He’s dressed like we expect someone who was violent might
dress if he were going to be in a dark alley. Even if we don’t know any muggers personally, we have
an idea of what we think they look like from the media.


The third man probably scared you too, for a different reason. He might be crazy or otherwise
mentally unbalanced. The informal rules of our society tell us not to wear outfits like that, so this is
