Putting an outfit together


      • Each outfit should have some basics (pieces which do not obviously attract attention) and
      some artistry (pieces which do attract attention). For example, if your shoes and jacket are a
      bit flashy or edgy my preferred look then stick to relatively subdued pants and shirt.
      Depending on your overall look, the artistry can be very subtle or very dramatic.


      • “Peacocking,” or wearing extremely ridiculous and out-of-place outfits is outdated. Dress
      to attract some attention, but make sure what you’re wearing fits together, supports your
      identity, and doesn’t look ridiculous. Peacocking will attract a lot of attention, but it’s
      mostly surface-level curiosity and entertainment.


      • Make your clothes fit – why spend $80 on a great shirt that doesn’t fit if you won’t spend
      $5-$10 to have it altered? If it doesn’t fit you perfectly, get it altered so it flatters your body.


      • Speaking of fit, while I don’t generally suggest that you rely on women’s advice for how to
      dress, one thing most women are very good at is helping you find clothes that fit well. As
      long as you’re prepared to disagree with her about what styles to wear, take a woman
      shopping with you to help judge the fit. Alternatively, if you’re shopping alone, ask other
      women whether something you’re trying on fits you well. You can use this to start a
      conversation as well – it’s not a great opener, but if your primary goal at the time is
      shopping, then any women you meet will be a bonus.


      • Suits are often very attractive if you can justify wearing them. Don’t be afraid to wear a
      suit to a nightclub with your friends. Be more afraid to wear one to a dive bar. Either way,
      take off or loosen your tie and unbutton the top button of your shirt.


      • Don’t be boring. If you dress just like everyone else, she will assume you are just like
      everyone else. Which would be a big waste after you’ve read this book and learned how to
      stand out from the pack.


      • If you’re overweight, black clothes make you look thinner. If you’re short, pinstripes make
      you look taller (and horizontal stripes make you look shorter). If you have a nice body, show
      it off with your clothes, but not too much – clothes that are too tight might make her think
      you’re gay.


      • Don’t clash. Don’t wear two different patterns in the same outfit. Don’t wear two different
      stripes (including pinstripes). Colors that are too close together can often clash (like black
      and navy blue, or white and cream). Red and green also don’t tend to work well together;
      neither do black and brown. If you know what you’re doing, you can break all of these rules,
