Grooming


         • This may be obvious, but better safe than sorry. Remove excess hair -- If your eyebrows
         are even close to touching, wax or shave them so there is separation. Nose and ear hairs are
         sexy to no one. If you have sideburns, make sure they end in a neat line at the bottom and are
         the same length on each side. Hair should not be found on your back or butt. And while
         we’re at it, your pubic hair shouldn’t be unruly either. Women will appreciate your privates
         being trimmed and neat and may be more enthusiastic about rewarding you for this.


         • If you have a beard or a mustache, keep it trimmed and neat. Most of the men I see with
         beards or mustaches should shave them off anyway, though they do look good on some
         people. Having 3-day stubble on your face can be attractive on some men; keep this orderly
         as well and don’t let any hairs get too long.


         • Women’s preferences vary widely here and can be somewhat random. Don’t take any
         individual woman’s advice too seriously on this. But if you ask ten women what they think
         of your mustache and they all hate it, get rid of it.


         • Squelch acne -- First, if you’re still getting acne, see a dermatologist. Second, for your
         acne scars, consider laser skin care (expensive) or makeup (cheap). Get a female friend to
         help you buy a cover up stick and some powder. You can make your zits vanish for the night.
         No excuses here. Unless you have a particular skin condition, acne can and should be
         minimized.


         • Whiten your teeth -- It’s cheap and easy. Go through your dentist, not those white strips.
         No excuses here either.


         • A good haircut makes a major difference. Find people with attractive haircuts and ask who
         they go to. It’s absolutely worth spending the money on a good haircut. If your budget is
         tight, you may only have to do this once, to establish the cut, and then every month or so you
         can go to someone cheaper but technically competent and ask him or her to keep trimming
         your hair in the same style.


Just a few changes can make a big difference. Take a look at these before-and-after pictures of
Masters, a retired instructor (and former computer geek). Notice the big difference that a fashionable
haircut, an edgy/stylish element (the light sunglasses), and a sharp blazer can make.


              Before After
