The term “wing” or “wingman” comes from military aviation. The pilot flying just outside and behind
the squadron leader is flying on the leader’s wing, making him the leader’s wingman. In popular
culture, the wingman is a man who helps his male friend meet women, usually by engaging her friends
and often by making a romantic connection himself.


The most important thing is to work with your wing, not against him. Your friends should never be
your competition. If you and your friends are tripping each other up or fighting each other for women,
people can assume a few things about you:


You don’t have much going for you. If you did, you wouldn’t spend time with people that you don’t
seem to like and respect, and/or who don’t seem to like and respect you. This implies that you have
low Status (see Chapter 3).


You don’t have many friends. For the same reason as above, and with the same implications – that you
have low Status.


You don’t have much success with women. If you did, you wouldn’t fight one of your friends for a
woman you just met. This implies that you are not Pre-selected (Chapter 3).




         The big message here is that people will make judgments about you based on your friends
         and how you interact with them.


Successful men normally spend time with other successful people. If you’re at a restaurant with Brad
Pitt, many women will want to meet you. Even if they have no chance at Brad (Angelina is pretty
tough competition), they’ll be curious about someone who has enough going for him that Brat Pitt
counts him among his friends. On the other hand, if your companion is a generic-looking accountant
who is wearing khakis, a tucked in shirt, and nothing stylish or adventurous, women will be far less
interested in you. Even though you haven’t changed, women’s perceptions of you will, as they infer
things about you, your friends, and your lifestyle.


You want your friends to have value. Never cut them down. Act around them as if they are movie stars
who are also your good friends – like it’s totally normal for you to be hanging out with very high-
value people.


Of course, it’s not enough to tell you what you do; you need to know how.


Here are some specific ways you and your friends can make each other look great.
