• Only one of you should approach a particular group. If you approach, your friend should
         wait a couple of minutes and then see if you want him in the group. Generally, you will – for
         reasons discussed above. However, there are situations where you won’t. For example, if you
         entered a group of three people and you were about to pull one of the women away for a
         more private conversation (see Chapter 9), adding your friend at this point could be
         awkward and unnecessary. If you go out with your friends a lot, this communication can
         become instinctive. Whatever you do, keep it simple. You don’t want a complicated
         sequence of password phrases. If I’m out with someone new, I will tell him that the keyword
         is “Tanya.” If either of you mention Tanya when the other one is about to join the group, it
         means “go away.”


         • Introduce your friends properly. If I’m out with Tenmagnet, I won’t say


         “Hey, this is my friend Tenmagnet.” (For one thing, I’d use his real name.) I’d tell people:
         “This is my friend Tenmagnet. He’s an amazing musician and he’s kicking ass at law school
         too. You should have seen his show at The Diamond last week. I’d roll with him anywhere.”


Building up your friends when they are not around has much more of an effect than when they are
around. So try to talk about “who you’re here with” before your friends join you in the group. When
they do, women will often already be attracted to them. These are Learned DHVs (biased source) from
Chapter 3.


         • Give priority to your friend. If you are the first into a group and your friend appears a few
         minutes later, turn to face him. Address him. He is automatically more important than any
         woman you’ve been talking to for a few minutes. Similarly, if a woman later makes fun of
         your friend, roll your eyes at her. When your wingman teases her back, laugh and nod your
         head.


         • Talk to each other. If a friend and I meet two women, we will still spend a significant
         amount of time talking to each other, even when the women are around. This implies that
         you have a solid social circle (Status) and that your attention has not been completely won
         by the women (Challenging). You can even talk with your friends about the women you’ve
         just met - it’s a great opportunity to tease them or to introduce a venue change. For a venue
         change, I might say something like:


         “I’m hungry, let’s go get sushi.”


If my wing is on the ball, he’ll agree. Then one of us will turn to the women and say:


         “Hey, you guys should tag along. We’re going to my friend’s restaurant; they have killer
         sake you’ve got to try.”
