How to get her phone number


This is actually the wrong question to start with. The right question is: why should you get her
number? It’s so you can go on a date with her. A phone number has no value in itself. For that matter,
neither does a date. There is nothing in the Emotional Progression Model that mandates meeting her
again at a different time – which is all a date really is – rather than continuing forward at that moment.


In a way, trying for a date is an admission of failure, even if most of the time it’s an unavoidable
“failure.” Trying to meet up with her later says: “I am not trying to move this relationship forward
right now. I am going to try to continue this later. In the best case, I’d be right where I am now. In the
worst case, we won’t end up meeting up and I lose the relationship with her.”


A date never gains you anything. All it does is give you another chance to push the relationship
forward if the logistics weren’t right to do so when you met her. Of course, most of the time, the
logistics won’t be right when you first meet. If you meet a woman on your lunch break and you have
to get back to work, you’ll need to set up a date. If she’s shopping with her girlfriends and can’t leave
them, you’ll need to set up a date. If you’re both at a club but it would be socially awkward for you to
leave together, you’ll need to set up a date.


But remember – a date is not a phone number. A phone number is a chance at a date. There’s still a
chance that she will flake (not answer or return your call, not go on a date with you, etc.)




Here’s a true story from a recent Love Systems’ workshop in Los Angeles: We took the guys to a
lounge in Hollywood and one of them was deep in conversation with Suzanne, a very fit Asian woman.
Suzanne’s friends were happy for her to talk to our guy because he had already won them over in
Attraction and Comfort (as per the Emotional Progression Model). It was about midnight. There was
no time pressure. But when our student “ran out of things to say” he took her phone number and
rejoined us.


This was a bad decision. Leaving aside that you should never run out of things to say, all that the
phone number was going to accomplish was to help them meet up again to spend time together.


However, they were already in the middle of spending time together without any obvious barriers to
developing their relationship.


Our student wasn’t lazy. His motivations are understandable. Psychologically, he wanted to “lock in”
what he had “gained” so far: her willingness to give him her phone number. But that’s a rookie
mistake.
