Of course, we didn’t let him leave Suzanne. We led him back to her with instructions to escalate until
rejection. When the lights came on an hour later, they left to get pizza, and then went home together.
There was no need for a date or a phone number. Of course, it doesn’t always work so easily, but it
will never work if you don’t try.


Our student made dozens of mistakes with Suzanne. We were watching him the whole time and went
over them the next day. However, because he didn’t settle for a phone number and risk being
forgotten, because he did enough things right, he got the girl.




Women and “flaking” – How not to get her number
Why does flaking happen? Let’s look at an example of a typical, attractive, social woman.


She goes out to a restaurant with her friends. While waiting at the bar, an interesting man approaches
her. 3 to 5 minutes later (about how long it should take to get some attraction going), he asks for her
number so they can “hang out sometime.” At that moment, she genuinely would “hang out” with this
man “sometime”…


    …but it doesn’t turn out that way.


Going out “sometime” is different from going out Thursday night. To see her “sometime” all you have
to do is be more interesting than doing nothing. That’s a pretty low standard. She can agree to that.
And, if she has nothing else to do, she might actually see you. However, most desirable women rarely
have “nothing else to do.”


Thus, to see her at a specific time, you need to be more interesting than anything else she could be
doing, like friends, hobbies, work, other dates, or relaxing at home. That’s a tough standard to meet in
3-5 minutes. Especially since over the course of the night she met a bunch of other men. Did you think
you were the only man to notice her? She likes all of the attention and flirting, but she doesn’t have
time to go on 9 dates this week.


Bear this in mind: meeting up with strange men is scary for most women. First, there are issues of
physical safety. If she’s not comfortable with you, she may feel the risk of date rape or worse. Less
dramatically is the hyper-developed fear that many women have of being in awkward social situations.
What if she isn’t attracted to you when she sees you again?


         A woman is going to look for reasons NOT to go out with you.
