To a man, the idea that you might not have a great time with this woman is irrelevant; maybe you will,
maybe you won’t. Either way, you’ll never know if you don’t meet up, and the worst thing that can
happen is you’ll cut it short early and go home. Men don’t agonize and worry over whether it will be
socially awkward or not. But many women do, and we need to take this into account.


Women also tend to be more analytical than men about social situations. She may wonder why you’d
even call her when you only met for a few minutes and you know so little about her (after all, you
spent that time attracting her as opposed to learning about her). Are you desperate? Or are you a
player?


It should be clear by now that a quick interaction leading to some basic attraction and “we should hang
out sometime” is rarely going to lead an exceptionally desirable woman into seeing you again.
She fears loss of safety, she fears social awkwardness, and who are you anyway?
How to get her phone number – for real
To have a good chance of seeing her again, you need to establish some comfort with her during the
first interaction. This means you need to open, transition, attract, and qualify her first. I don’t care if
you only have 10 minutes. You just have to play faster.


Here are some anti-flaking tactics for getting her phone number:


Have something specific to do. She should plan to help you shop for your niece’s birthday on
Saturday, not “hang out sometime.”


          • Bait her into suggesting the date. Let her chase you. Drop little hints (“I’m going to X” or
          “I’d love to do Y”) and see if she tries to become part of those plans or says something like,
          “That sounds fun; I’d love to do something like that.”


          • Don’t make the date, or the phone number exchange, the last part of your interaction. That
          feels like a pickup. Stay at least 5 minutes afterwards.


          • Engage her friends. When she goes home, her friends should be excited for her that you
          guys are meeting up later and not wondering who that creepy guy was. To a woman, her
          friends’ approval for the men she dates is very important, much more important than peer
          group approval is for men. See Chapter 9 on Comfort for more on this.


          • Focus on the date, not the phone number. The phone should be an afterthought (and isn’t
          always strictly necessary, although you take a big risk that she won’t think your plans are
          serious if you don’t get her number).
