Making plans: men vs. women


I stated above that the primary goal of phone game is to go on a date with her. That doesn’t mean that
you should approach phone calls with a “I’m trying to make plans” frame (see the Glossary for a
definition of “frames”). You’ll seem desperate and typical of low-status men.


Men and women tend to view the telephone differently. Men see the phone as a tool that allows us to
schedule our lives and arrange meet-ups with friends. In other words we use the phone to get things
done. Women see the phone as a source of conversational pleasure and connection. Do you recognize
this type of conversation?


         Man 1: Hi, Man 2.

         Man 2: Hi, Man 1. What’s new?

         Man 1: There’s a new Spanish restaurant on Chestnut Street. Do you want to check it out?
         Man 2: Sure. Tomorrow?

         Man 1: Can’t. I’m swamped this week. Next Monday? Man 2: Perfect. Around 8?

         Man 1: That works. I’ll make reservations for 8. Man 2: See you there.


This feels normal to most men. It’s not how we have all of our conversations, but when our aim is to
see someone, it’s how the conversation might proceed. It’s not all that different from how you might
schedule a meeting at work.


This is not how most women talk to each other or how they want to talk to men.


For one thing, most women hate making plans for more than a day or two in the future. This applies
particularly to younger women, many of whom won’t want to commit themselves in advance to
specific plans. What if something more exciting comes up? What if she doesn’t feel like it when that
day rolls around? How is she supposed to remember what she’s supposed to be doing in a few days
anyway? (If you run into this problem, it provides a convincing clue that the date is more important to
you than it is to her. If her favorite band was playing next week, she’d remember.) If you make long-
term plans with a woman who doesn’t usually organize her social life like this, you are just asking for
her to say “call me to confirm” as if your date was a 1980s-era airplane reservation that could be
cancelled without notice.


“Call me to confirm” is a great maneuver for women and I have to admire its cleverness. Now she’s
locked you into plans if she wants them. She has a date option. She can now decide the day before, or
