Phone Game: Middle


Now that you’ve got a conversation going, you want to get her to meet up with you, right? Well,
maybe. On the first call, I usually don’t.


With enough intuition and practice, you’ll be able to judge the right moment to suggest plans. As long
as you are doing good work building comfort on the phone, there is no rush. Usually, in fact, a woman
will start dropping hints that she wants to meet, especially if you talk about the fun activities and
friends that you experience in your day-to-day life. This can happen on the first, second, or even a
subsequent call.


The reason for this caution is that you definitely do not want her to say no to potential plans. In case
you were wondering, her being busy is a “no.” Even if she is genuinely busy, the fact that she is saying
no to you affects her perception of your relationship. It also costs you emotional momentum. If you
keep pursuing her while she is saying no, you can turn yourself into an orbiter and she will lose all
attraction for you. To counteract this, frame your suggested plans in such a way as to minimize the
impact of rejection. For example, if you text a woman to say “Hey all, big party at the House of Blues
tonight, use my name at the door,” you lose very little by a rejection. It’s a text message that’s framed
to look like a group text message, which is technically not an invite to a date. You actually get a bit of
value from this whether she shows up or not because it shows you are leading an interesting life and
having fun with or without her.


Even more traditional date invitations should not be open-ended. Let’s say it’s Sunday and you want
to see this woman sometime this week. You don’t call her and say, “I’d like to see you. Are you free
tomorrow? No? How about Tuesday? Ok, Wednesday then? Well, what are you doing Thursday?
Friday? Ok, I’ll call you next week and see what your schedule looks like then.” By doing this, you
communicate that you have nothing going on in your life, or at least nothing that is more important
than a date with her.


          Women are looking to share their lives with a man. It’s not particularly compelling for a
          woman to share her life with a man when she is the most interesting thing going on in it.


Spontaneity is your friend. If you call a woman at 5 p.m. on a weekday, talk for a couple of minutes,
and “spontaneously” ask what she’s doing, then this can be seen two ways. It can be seen as an
invitation to make plans or just idle conversation. If what she’s doing is driving to her cousin’s house
to baby-sit, then you tell her what you’re doing tonight. Try to make it something you probably
couldn’t invite her to anyway; no plans suggested = no plans rejected. If she instead answers, “Not
much,” then you can suggest something. She’s less likely to cancel if the plans are for the same day.


If you do get rejected for more formal plans (or she cancel at the last minute) you should generally not
