If she doesn’t call you back


If she doesn’t call back, try her again in a couple days. Or try sending her a text message. Or try
calling from a different phone number. Don’t use “call block” to hide your phone number when you
call her. That’s lame.


Some women are just busy or unable to organize their lives or have strange ideas about the
appropriateness of calling men, or are deliberately screening for men who are persistent. Unless she’s
going to tell other people with whom you’re likely to interact that you’re a creep, it’s okay to keep
calling or texting a few times to try to make contact. You never know what is going on in her head,
and it only costs you 30 seconds to call. Here are some more things you can do to get a woman on the
phone:


         • Vary the time of day when you call. Morning, afternoon, evening, night. If you’re getting
         nowhere, try calling at midnight. You may wake her up, so make sure you can be
         immediately entertaining from the second she answers. (Start with a high-energy, funny,
         short routine. Don’t even introduce yourself.)


         • Keep old phone numbers around. Holidays can be a great occasion for women to come out
         of the woodwork. Texting every woman in your phone book with something like “Happy
         New Year” can sometimes reconnect you with a couple of them.


         • Don’t ever acknowledge that you are calling and she isn’t returning your calls. Adopt the
         frame - to yourself - that she is just a flaky woman and it’s kind of cute. Don’t let it cross
         your mind that she might not actually be interested in you. Therefore, don’t ever say “this is
         the last time I’m calling” or “I’m calling to leave you another message.”


Finally, there’s the Greatest Text Message Ever™. Send her the text message: “I just met your twin.”


This may not only jar her into responding, but may prompt her to compete for your affection with a
response like “is she prettier than me?” or “I’m cooler.”
