Flaking


Flaking means canceling plans at the last minute, or not showing up. Guess what? This will happen
sometimes, especially on first dates. It’s in the nature of things. Here’s what to do when a woman
flakes:


Nothing.


And that’s it.


What, you miss my bullet points? What’s Magic Bullets without bullet points? Fine. Here’s the same
answer, in four bullet points.


           • Don’t be upset. Don’t lecture her. She doesn’t care. If she cared that much about what you
           thought of her, she probably wouldn’t have flaked in the first place. Don’t believe me? Ask
           yourself if “feeling tired” or “having to work in the morning” would have kept her from a
           date with Brad Pitt. All that punishing her will do is to associate yourself in her mind with
           bad emotions, and momentarily make her feel badly. But don’t worry, she’ll feel better when
           the next guy gives her attention.


           • Just in case that wasn’t clear… You planned to meet her at 6 p.m.? You had to leave work
           early? Fight traffic? Cut your workout short? Miss your favorite show? Tough. She doesn’t
           care. That’s not her problem. If you tell her all of this, you just lost value in her eyes
           because you rearranged your life for a date with her.


           • Remember Pre-selection (Chapter 3) and act like a man who has lots of women interested
           in him. Such a man wouldn’t be especially thrown off by a flake. He has other women in his
           life who would love to see him, and more likely than not, whatever it was that he was going
           to do with her was something that he would enjoy doing anyway with cool friends (see
           Chapter 16 on dates). If this frame is not perfectly clear and obvious to you, cancel the next
           time you set up a date with a random woman. I’m serious. Listen for her reaction and learn
           to copy it. It didn’t ruin her day. It shouldn’t ruin yours.


           • A phrase I’ve had a lot of success with is “No problem, I’ll invite someone else.” This is
           best used when your plans were obviously for two people (e.g., you had two concert tickets
           and invited her).


           • Don’t use this on a third or fourth date, but when the relationship is still casual, it’s
           perfect.
