Chapter 23: Glossary

         All-female or all-woman group A group of people interacting with each other that is made
         up entirely of women.

         Approaching Initiating a conversation with a woman or a group. Also known as Opening.

Approach Anxiety The feeling of nervousness most men experience before
        approaching a woman they don’t hknow.

         Approach Invitation Conscious or subconscious behavior a woman exhibits to let a man
         know that she is interested in having him approach her. Examples include making eye
         contact or walking or standing near him.

         Cold Approach Approaching a woman (or a group) whom you don’t know. Distinguished
         from Warm Approach, where you have some connection with the woman you approach.

         Congruence Consistency of behavior to identity. If you display personality trait X,
         congruence requires you act in a manner consistent with someone with that personality trait.

         DHV Demonstration of Higher Value. Also used as a verb, to Demonstrate Higher Value.
         This refers to having more value than most men who meet women through cold approach.

         Disqualifier Something you say or do that implies that you are not romantically or sexually
         interested in a woman.

         Embedding The process of communicating something, usually positive qualities about
         yourself, in the context of appearing to be talking about something else.

         Emotional Momentum The psychological process carrying you and a woman forward in a
         potential romantic or sexual relationship or away from each other and further romantic or
         sexual contact.

         Evolutionary Time The hundreds of thousands of years of human history during which our
         genetic makeup was formed.

         Flake When a woman cancels plans at the last minute, or does not show up.

         Frame The context under which an interaction takes place. If a woman touches you and you
         playfully remove her hand and say “no touching this early,” your frame is that she is trying
         to get physical with you. Her frame may be entirely different. The dominant person’s frame
         will usually take precedence.

         Group Two or more people interacting with each other. Two friends going to dinner are a
