Workshops and training

You can read about it, see it, and hear it, but there’s really no substitute for actually doing it.

          Live training usually involves three things:

          • Intensive classroom seminars, with individualized feedback on your fashion, identity,
          routines, and rigorous drills and exercises to practice opening and approaching, storytelling,
          qualification, and so on. You will be prepared and ready to succeed from the first night.

          • Approaching and attempting to seduce random beautiful women, over and over, anywhere
          from coffee shops to bars. A professional dating coach will watch and listen and tell you
          after each approach what you did right and wrong and how to improve for the next one. And
          you’ll keep doing it until you improve.

          • Watching and listening to a master dating coach at work, as he demonstrates various
          techniques and gives you behaviors and strategies to model. You can see how a master
          dating coach can attract even the most unapproachable women – live. This is important. If
          you don’t know what solid game really looks like, it’s very hard to develop it for yourself.

Love Systems workshops ( www.lovesystems.com/bootcamps) include 3 days of seminar work, 2
nights of field work (where you and the instructors go out to meet and practice on beautiful women),
and a money-back guarantee. As someone familiar with Magic Bullets, you will be well-placed to take
advantage of a workshop.

Love Systems also offers individualized or one-on-one training. This is more expensive, but may be
more convenient for some people.

It’s easy to postpone attending a workshop. They’re not cheap and they’re not always convenient.
We can say with confidence that this is a mistake. On your first day of the workshop, you will
probably be blown away by the instructors’ skills. Don’t be. They were once in your chair. If you learn
from them and practice what you’ve learned, your skills can equal or exceed theirs. We’ve seen this
happen over and over; that’s how Love Systems recruits new instructors.


There’s never a perfect time to take a workshop. There’s always a reason not to. Part of dating science
is internal transformation, and that includes seizing the moment. If you’re serious about having
beautiful women as a normal and easy part of your life, then make it happen. Now. Waiting a year just
means that you will have one year less to enjoy your new skills once you develop them. You don’t get
extra time at the end to enjoy your life just because you were late getting started.


Another pitfall some people fall into is waiting to take a workshop until their skills improve. This is
backward. The progress people make after a workshop is infinitely quicker than the progress they
made before one. And you should have the results you want now, or in a few months, as opposed to
some distant future point.
