Chapter 25: Reviews and Testimonials
Here are just a few of the thousands of positive comments, reviews, and testimonials garnered by
Magic Bullets:


“To put it simply, the book is a wonderful piece of work. I highly recommend it to all beginners who
wish to learn the steps to becoming great at the art... From your approach to seduction everything is
mapped out to the ‘letter’ with more than enough freedom for the imagination to run wild. As with
most technology in this day and age, if Magic Bullets were a computer program I would call it very
‘user friendly.’ I found it extremely helpful to have a book like this bring me back into the dating
‘shark tank’ as the shark instead of the bait. My advice to all is to get this book and let it do the same
for you.”
               — Nostro


“Magic Bullets is one of the best books ever written on the subject of improving success with women.
It’s probably one of the most honest, well rounded, information-packed books you will read. One
unique aspect of Magic Bullets that sets it apart is each chapter is written in logical order, but can be
read on its own even without reading the others. This is great because you can just review those
chapters that you need to refresh separately. Or for example, if you are a beginner and want a quick
primer on what will help you in clubs tonight, there is a chapter that will do that for you that you can
skip to right away.”


“Another thing that was extremely impressive about the book was just how in-depth and well
researched it was and yet it still included very subtle advice at the same time. The book was full of
deep, masterful detail in every chapter. One of my favorite things about this book was the extreme
level of detail in the Seduction phase, which is definitely lacking in most books of its type. In the book
you get some real ‘magic bullets’ on how to get to sex faster and with higher probability of success.
These tips and gems alone are well worth the price of the book.”


“For those looking for very niche and advanced material, there is no shortage of that either. The book
is truly well rounded for beginners and veteran students of the game alike. Whether you are a
beginner or an advanced student of the arts, you owe it to yourself to begin your education with this
book or add it to your collection. The information contained in it is state of the art and hard hitting.
Get your copy now, and start enjoying your own magic results with women.


When I first ‘met’ Savoy it was actually over the phone over a distance of thousands of miles, and at
the time I had no idea he knew so much about seduction. In the years that have ensued, it is clear to me
from meeting him in person finally and reading Magic Bullets that Savoy has become even more
knowledgeable and one of the true experts in the field.”


          — TokyoPUA , Fast Seduction 101
