“Magic Bullets fills in some knowledge gaps, often in very important areas, it gives you an ‘aha!’”


“Now for intermediate to advanced guys, I think this book fills in some very important specific
knowledge gaps... The section on phone game is a great example of this. What exactly do you do when
you hit her voicemail anyway? The great Tyler Durden himself said that phone game was hard just
starting from first principles. In Magic Bullets we can see that a ton of work has gone into presenting
solid phone game strategy.”


“Also, the discussion on flaking was excellent. It nicely summarizes what it took me forever to learn by
raw experimentation: if she flakes, do nothing about it. The book presents a solid model of why to do
nothing, namely because she just did not care enough about the whole matter to begin with. Proof: if
she did care she wouldn’t have flaked! This is typical of great specific, practical, and concise advice
that the book is made of.”


               — Philosopherking


“Magic Bullets gives you a system you can use the same day, without reading the whole book. No other
book can beat that. No book gives you a plan in 10 minutes of reading of what you can do that night.
Unlike a lot of pickup material, this book touches on female psychology. This chapter was my favorite,
second to phone game. The insight you will gain from phone game is worth the price right there.
Magic Bullets includes the ever popular ‘he said/she said’ teaching examples. Every chapter in this
book is important. The night I ordered it I read the entire thing. Even though I was tired, I took a
NoDoz because I was so determined to finish it and not miss anything because of my fatigue. Everyone
who hasn’t yet bought Magic Bullets... stop thinking about it and just do it... the price of the book was
worth it after just a few pages.”


“If I haven’t convinced you yet, know this: Savoy does a great job at teaching this material. The
format of the book is designed so you can go back and read a chapter on phone game or the
Qualification phase. I even e-mailed Savoy with a question about the book and got a prompt response.
It’s not every day you can ask the author a question and get an answer, especially with someone as
busy as he is.”


               — Surefire


“Magic Bullets does a fine job breaking down the seduction process from meeting women all the way
to relationships. It does so while unifying pretty much every ‘system’ out there, be it indirect, direct,
natural routines, phone game, social circles, strip clubs, day game, body language etc. via the
emotional progression model. All in all, it was a very informative and entertaining read. It taught me a
couple of cool concepts that helped clear up a lot of aspects in pickup that were still pretty vague.”
