— Toy Machine


“It was a long hard road to admit to myself that I needed to get this part of my life sorted out. I
searched the web for a long time seeking a solution to my problem. I wasted a lot of money on ‘gurus’
only to find myself back reading Magic Bullets. I was hesitant at first but after seeing the money back
guarantee I decided to go for it. I read it in 4 hours straight, going back over sentences four times to
sink them into my brain. After finishing it, I decided to go and try it. That was the hardest part. I did it
and I got my first phone number after almost 2 years! So I got the number and now it’s been 4 months
since I bought Magic Bullets, and I have to say I’m so much better now. I have a girlfriend, and things
are perfect.”


               — Jan


“It definitely made a huge difference, especially in my second week after reading the book. The
improvement was dramatic.”


“Stunning! My success in meeting new women went up dramatically the first night.”
“I was frankly skeptical at first, but after a week I found myself taking home women who I normally
would have been admiring from a distance. Also the seduction tips improved my effectiveness after I
got them back to my place.”


               — Brink Magazine


“Magic Bullets is a leader in the seduction community and learning how to pick up, date, and have
more women in your life for a reason. It works. Thousands of guys have gone from being frozen stone-
cold in approaching a woman to being ‘the man’ in a nightclub and even during the day. I highly
recommend you grab your copy now!”


               — Earthling Communication


“The techniques in the book are practical and easy to use, and you can start using what you learn
right away. We really cannot recommend this book enough. Magic Bullets is an essential must read for
any man aspiring to be better with women, no matter where you’re at in the dating game.”


               — Sexual Seduction Secrets


“I’d like to say that this is probably the best e-book online at the moment. If you’re just starting out,
this will be the book to learn ‘the game’ from start to finish. If you’re an old pro, this is a handy
reference manual to help you refine the game you already have.”
