– Dr. Phil Show, April 18, ‘08


“I’d like to especially say thanks to Savoy for taking the time to work with me both nights. He took
over one of my interactions and it really helped to see the dominance/frame control of someone who’s
good. That alone was worth the whole workshop.”


             — The Bonus


“Savoy, I wanted to thank you very much for responding to my question about relationship breakups in
the latest newsletter. The degree to which you care about your students only further motivates my
journey to excellence in life and as a PUA. Love Systems has changed my life and I am very
appreciative.”


             — Puzzler


“I found Savoy a pleasure to work with, very fair, and a talented businessman of the highest integrity.
I often say that he could have been extremely successful in any business venture, though he chose to
come into an industry that is filled with a variety of eccentric personalities. Within this difficult
industry, he put himself on the line to build a company that delivers high quality and whose customer
service I’ve found to be impeccable... I wanted to salute him for all that he has created, the people he
has made successful, and his overall fairness, generosity, and integrity. I can always count on Savoy
both to listen to and to respect my point of view and also to offer his viewpoint honestly and fairly on
any given subject.”


             — DJ


1 Simon Baron-Cohen, The Essential Difference. New York, Basic Books, 2003, pp. 2-6
2 This is not to imply that humanity is one million years old; humanity is actually younger than that, but evolution is a continuous
process and affected proto-humans in the same way that it affects “modern” humans.

3 This may in fact be the first book written about meeting women that includes the phrase “non-trout-eating.”
4 Advanced readers may notice the “push-pull” dynamic here, which also builds attraction. And of course there is no such thing as
North Pole Mountain. That’s what makes it fun.

5 These psychological principles can be observed in contexts outside of dating. For example, social fraternities at American
universities are notorious for having unpleasant initiation rituals. For someone to voluntarily participate in these rituals, they have to
believe that the end result, joining the fraternity, is worth it.
Accordingly, those permitted to join will generally feel very strongly about the value of their fraternity.

6 There is a fascinating and detailed study of this in The Journal of Sexual Medicine, January 2007 if you’re interested in further
reading.
7 Check out www.LoveSystems.com or e-mail us at info@lovesystems.com for information and
updates.
8 Mele Koneya and Alton Barbour, Louder Than Words: Nonverbal Communication (Columbus, Ohio:
